MBNA True Line® Mastercard®

				 
			
	  
	  
	  	
			
				
					
				
			  
			  
				
					
				
				
					
						
						Welcome offer: You could get a 0% promotional annual interest rate (“AIR”)† for 12 months on balance transfers✪ completed within 90 days of account opening.
            
					
				
			  
		
	  

		
			
				
			  		
						
							Annual Fee
						
						
						$0

			  		
			  		
						
						
							Interest: Purchases

						
						12.99%

			  		
			  		
						
						
							Interest: Cash Advances

						
						24.99%

			 		
			  		
						
						
							Interest: Balance Transfers✪

						
						17.99%

			  		
				
              	
			 	 	
				
		  	
		

		
			
				
			  		Eligibility Requirements:
				
				
			  		
You are a Canadian resident and are of the age of majority in your province/territory of residence


				
		  	
		
		
		
		
			
				
                    Apply Online for an MBNA True Line Mastercard
                    
			  		Apply Now
				
		  	
		
		

		
		
		

		
		
		

		
		
		

		
		  
                 
                    
						
                        
						 Compare Card
						
			  		
			  
		  
	    
	



    


    

    



    
    
        



    
    



    
        
        
			

	
	
		
	
		Product rates and fees may vary across different regions.
Your region is currently set to

		Ontario.
	
		
		
		 Change region

	
		
		
		
        
        
			

	
	
		
	
		Les taux et frais relatifs aux produits peuvent varier d’une région à l’autre.
Nous avons remarqué que vous êtes à l’extérieur du Canada en ce moment. D’après votre dernière visite sur notre site, votre région est :

		
	
		
		
		 Change region


		
		
			
    




    


    


    

    




  
	  
			
    
        



    
    

    
	  
    

    Apply now



    


    

			
	   
  
  
  





    
    
        



    
    

    
    
        



    
    

    
    
        



    
    

    At a glance



    




    
Welcome offer: You could get a 0% promotional annual interest rate (“AIR”)† for 12 months on balance transfers✪ completed within 90 days of account opening.
This low rate card has a 12.99% standard interest rate on eligible purchases.
No Annual Fee
At MBNA, we have taken extensive privacy and security measures to make sure your valuable information remains protected.
Take advantage of Apple Pay for a safe, quick and convenient way to pay with an MBNA card.
Use available credit on your credit card to transfer funds right to your chequing account.
Add up to 9 authorized users¤ with no additional annual fee for each added authorized user.
The MBNA Payment Plan can make it more convenient to pay for large purchases and manage your budget. Pay for eligible credit card purchases of $100 or over by making monthly payments. Choose from three Payment Plan terms: 6, 12 or 18 months. Conditions and fees apply. Use the payment plan calculator to find out how much you can save in interest.




    



    


    

    


    
        
    
   


    


    


    

    


    


    

    



    
    
        



    
    

    
    
        



    
    

    Discover what MBNA True Line® Mastercard® has to offer



    





    
        
            slide 1  of 2
                
                    
                        
                            



    
    
    
        
            


  
 
	  
	  		
	 
    
        
    
	
	
    
    


    

        
      	  
			
				
                    
                        
                            Play Video MBNA True Line® Mastercard®
                            
                                
                                
                                
                                
                            
                        
                    
                
			
        
        
    
    

        
        
            MBNA True Line® Mastercard®

            
        

             
    
    
    


    



    


                        
                    
                
                    
                        
                            



    
    
    
        
            


  
 
	  
	  		
	 
    
        
    
	
	
    
    


    

        
      	  
			
				
                    
                        
                            Play Video Balance Transfers
                            
                                
                                
                                
                                
                            
                        
                    
                
			
        
        
    
    

        
        
            Balance Transfers

            
        

             
    
    
    


    



    


                        
                    
                
            
            
        
    


    


    

    


    


    

    



    
    
        



    
    

    




	
    
    


    
    


    initBalanceTransfer("iframe.balance-transfer-iframe");


    
    
    







    


    

    



    
    
        



    
    

    Award-winning MBNA Credit Cards



    





    
        
            slide 1  of 4
                
                    
                        
                            



    
    
    
        
            


  
 
	  
	  		
	 
	
	
        
    
	
    
    


    

        
    
    

        
        
            
            
        2025 creditcardGenius best balance transfer credit card in Canada award


            
    
    
    
	
    


    



    


                        
                    
                
                    
                        
                            



    
    
    
        
            


  
 
	  
	  		
	 
	
	
        
    
	
    
    


    

        
    
    

        
        
            
            
        2025 creditcardGenius best low interest credit card in Canada award


            
    
    
    
	
    


    



    


                        
                    
                
                    
                        
                            



    
    
    
        
            


  
 
	  
	  		
	 
	
	
        
    
	
    
    


    

        
    
    

        
        
            
            
        2024 moneyGenius best balance transfer credit card in Canada award


            
    
    
    
	
    


    



    


                        
                    
                
                    
                        
                            



    
    
    
        
            


  
 
	  
	  		
	 
	
	
        
    
	
    
    


    

        
    
    

        
        
            
            
        2025 RATESDOTCA best balance transfer credit card in Canada award


            
    
    
    
	
    


    



    


                        
                    
                
            
            
        
    


    


    

    



    
    
        



    
    

    More Card Benefits & Features



    




    
        
            
                Everyday Services
                
            
        
        

    
    
        



    
    

    
Emergency Services
Certain services are available in case of emergency. Services include Emergency Card Replacement on a 7-10 day delivery or by courier.




    




    
More Coverage and Support
Credit Line Increase Decisions during regular business hours and Cash Advances at banks and ATMs internationally.




    



    


    

    


    

    



    




    
        
            
                Additional Benefits
                
            
        
        

    
    
        



    
    

    
Save with Avis Rent A Car and Budget Rent A Car
Use your MBNA credit card to save a minimum of 10% off the base rates 1 , 2 in Canada and the U.S., and a minimum of 5% off the base rates 1 , 2 internationally, on qualifying car rentals at participating Avis and Budget locations.
Avis: You can reserve your Avis car rental by visiting www.avis.ca/mbna . Quote Avis Worldwide Discount (AWD) #C078405 at the time of reservation and charge the full rental to your MBNA credit card.
Budget: You can reserve your Budget car rental by visiting www.budget.ca/mbna . Quote Budget Customer Discount (BCD) #A331704 at the time of reservation and charge the full rental to your MBNA credit card.




    



    


    

    


    

    



    




    
        
            
                Security
                
            
        
        

    
    
        



    
    

    
Mastercard® Contactless
Simply tap your Mastercard® at participating merchants to process payments safely and wirelessly - letting you keep your card in your hands at all times. Use your Mastercard® at millions of international locations where contactless is accepted.
Mastercard® Zero Liability
As a Mastercard® credit card cardholder, you will not be responsible for unauthorized~ purchases made with your credit card in store, over the telephone,online, mobile device or ATM transactions. Some conditions apply.




    




    
Card Verification Code (CVC)
All our credit cards use a CVC code that can normally be found on the signature strip on the back of a credit card (the last 3 digits). The purpose of this is to verify that the genuine credit card is being used to make the purchase.
Chip & PIN
All of our cards are Chip & PIN enabled, which is one of the most secure ways to pay by credit card. Instead of a signature, you will be asked to enter a 4-digit Personal Identification Number (PIN) known only by you. Learn more about Chip & PIN.




    



    


    

    


    

    


    


    

    



    
    
        



    
    

    
    
        



    
    

    Find out more about MBNA Credit Cards



    





    
        
            slide 1  of 4
                
                    
                        
                            



    
    
    
        
            


  
 
	  
	  		
	 
	
	
        
    
	
    
    


    

        
    
    

        
        
            Mastercard Benefits

            
        Our catalogue of Mastercard products comes with a wide range of benefits and capabilities. There’s a Mastercard that’s right for you


            


    
    
    
	
    


    



    


                        
                    
                
                    
                        
                            



    
    
    
        
            


  
 
	  
	  		
	 
	
	
        
    
	
    
    


    

        
    
    

        
        
            Apply for the card that’s right for you

            
        Have questions about how to apply for a credit card?


            


    
    
    
	
    


    



    


                        
                    
                
                    
                        
                            



    
    
    
        
            


  
 
	  
	  		
	 
	
	
        
    
	
    
    


    

        
    
    

        
        
            All about your new card

            
        Learn about MBNA credit card balance transfers✪ and more


            


    
    
    
	
    


    



    


                        
                    
                
                    
                        
                            



    
    
    
        
            


  
 
	  
	  		
	 
	
	
        
    
	
    
    


    

        
    
    

        
        
            Account maintenance

            
        We want you to feel comfortable about how we do business by being upfront about billing and payments


            


    
    
    
	
    


    



    


                        
                    
                
            
            
        
    


    


    

    


    


    

    



    
    
        



    
    

    Legal



    



    


    

    



    
    
        



    
    

    



    


    

    



    
    
        



    
    

    How to apply for a credit card



    



    


    

    



    
    
        



    
    
    
        
            


  
 
	  
	  		
	 
	
	
        
    
	
    
    


    

        
    
    

        
        
            Apply Online

            
        You've found the right fit. Apply for your new card using our simple and secure online credit card application.


            


	
		
			
				
					
						
							
						
                        
						Apply now
					
				
			
			
			
			
		
	



    
    
    
	
    


    



    


    

    



    
    
        



    
    

    



    


    

    



    
    
        



    
    
    
    
    
	
    
    	    
            More information about MBNA True Line® Mastercard®

            
                


  
 
	  
	  		
	 
	
	
        
    
	
    
    


    

        
    
    

            
            
            
        For information about your Card, please refer to the MBNA Account Agreement.

MBNA Account Agreement (PDF)
MBNA Privacy Policy  (PDF)



            
        
        
            


  
 
	  
	  		
	 
	
	
        
    
	
    
    


    

        
    
    

        
    


    



    


    

    



    
    
    
    
        
        



    
    
        



    
    

    
        
            
                
                    Have a question? Find answers here
                    
                
                
                    
                        
                        
                            What's your question?
                            
                            
                        
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
              		Ask Us
                    
                    
                
                
                    
                        Popular Questions
                            
                        
                    
                
            
            
                
                    
                        
                    
                     
                        
                            
                            
                        
                    
                
            

            
                
                    
                        
                             Sorry, we didn't find any results. You could check for misspelled words or try a different term or question.
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                    
                
            
            
                
                    
                        
                            We're sorry.  Service is currently unavailable.
                        
                    
                
            
            
                
                    
                         We found a few responses for you:
                    
                    
                
                
					
                        We matched that to:
                    
                    
                    
                    
                
                
                    Popular Questions
                    
                    
                        View morepopular questions
                        
                    
                
                
                    Helpful Related Questions
                    
                    
                        View morehelpful related questions
                        
                    
                
            
            
                
                    
                        
                            Did you find what you were looking for?
                            
                                
                                    
                                    YesNo
                                
                            
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            Thank you
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                                We're sorry.  Service is currently unavailable.
                            
                        
                    
                    
                    
                        
                            Sorry this didn't help. Would you leave us a comment about your search?


                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                    
                    
                       
                           
                            
                              Submit
                            
                          
                      
                    
                
                
                    
                        Thank you
                    
                
            
        
        
		
    



    


    

    


    


        
    






	
		
			Compare up to 3 cards
			Compare up to 2 cards
			
				
				
					Compare up to 3 cards
					Compare up to 2 cards
				
			
			
				Clear All
			
		
		
			
			
			
			
				
					
						Compare