PersonalAvion Rewards
				
					MENU
					Avion Rewards
				
			
			
				
					
						
							Sign into Avion Rewards
							Sign in to check your points, shop and redeem.
							
								Sign into Avion Rewards
								
									Select...
									Online Banking
									
										Personal
										Business
										Commercial
									
								
							
						
							Sign in
						
						
					
				
			
			
				
					
						
							Earn Cash Back and Points
							Use Your Points
							Access your Cash back and Points
						
					
				
				
					
						
							Cash back, Points and Savings – Get it all with Avion Rewards
						
						
							
								Avion Rewards, Canada’s largest bank-owned loyalty program, brings you more ways to shop, earn, save, and redeem every day. With 3 membership levels: Avion Select, Avion Premium and Avion Elite, it’s easy to get rewarded, no matter how you shop or where you bank.
							
							
								Anyone can become a member for free! Once you join, you have access to amazing value and exclusive member experiences that are only available through the Avion Rewards program. 
							
						
					
				
			

			
				
					
						
							
								How to join Avion Rewards
								If you have an RBC product or account, you already have an Avion Rewards account. Sign in with your RBC online banking info.
								Don’t have an RBC product or account?
								Create an Avion Rewards account – it's quick, easy and you don’t have to bank with RBC
								
								or
								Apply for an Avion Rewards credit card and become a member on approval
							
						
						
							
						
					
				
			

			
				
					
						Earn Cash Back and Points
						All Avion Rewards members can get cash back at over 2,400 retailers and earn points on purchases. Plus, Avion Rewards members with an eligible RBC card get extra everyday value at our partners. 
					
					
						
							
							Avion Rewards Credit Cards
							
								Start earning, get perks, have access to exclusive experiences, events and much more
								Choose from 9 Avion Rewards credit cards and get travel perks, fuel savings and more1
								Earn points faster with everyday purchases like gas and travel using select cards1
							
							Learn More about Avion Rewards Credit Cards
						
						
							
							Shop More. Save More. Earn More
							
								Access special offers with points and savings at well-known brands
								Earn cash back and points. Shop over 2,400 retailers
								Get deals that pop while you shop with Avion Rewards ShopPlus browser extension – up to 40% cash back
								Get bonus Avion points on eligible purchases you make with an Avion Rewards credit card1
								Get great savings on eligible purchases using select RBC credit and debit cards1
							
							See More Ways to Save and Earn
						
						
							
							Get More at Partners with a Linked RBC Card
							
								
									Get 3x† Canadian Tire Money® on qualifying purchases at Canadian Tire, Sport Chek, Mark's and other participating locations
								
								Earn 1 extra Moi point for every $2 spent at Metro, Food Basics, Super C, Jean Coutu, Brunet and Première Moisson*
								Earn 2X More Rewards points^ at Save-On-Foods, Quality Foods, Buy-Low Foods, PriceSmart Foods, Nesters Market and Urban Fare locations
								Get $0 delivery fees with free DashPass – a savings of up to $120
								
									Instantly save 3 c/L at Petro-Canada and earn 20% more Petro-Points and Avion points on every fill-up1
								
								Get 5X more Be Well points at Rexall
								
							
							Learn More
						
					
				
			

			
				
					
						Use your Avion Points
						
							When it comes to using your points, your options are nearly endless. From travelling the world to redeeming for your favourite brands, the Avion Rewards program offers something for everyone.
						
						
					
					
						
							Travel
							
								
									See the world
									From weekend retreats to bucket-list experiences, it’s easier than ever to get there with your Avion points.

									
										
											
											Flights
										
										
											
											Hotels
										
										
											
											Flight + Hotel
										
									
									
										
											
											Car Rental
										
										
											
											Vacation Packages
										
										
											
											Cruises
										
									
									
									Learn More about Travel
									
									
								
							
						
						
							
								
									
										
									
									
										Merchandise & Gift CardsGift Cards
									
								
							
							
								
									Take Your Points Shopping
									Whether it’s the latest tech or must-have kitchen gadgets, discover a world of rewards that you deserve. Coming soon for Avion Select members!

									

									
										
											
										
										
											Apple
											Get exclusive access to the latest Apple products the moment they hit the market1

										
									
									
										
											
										
										
											Best Buy
											Shop everything Best Buy has to offer, plus enjoy exclusive features such as Reserve Online and pick up in store, free shipping, and more1

										
									
									
										
											
										
										
											Merchandise
											Bring home the latest Top Brands in Electronics, Accessories, Kitchen and more.
										
									
									
										
											
										
										
											Gift Cards
											Shop over 60 leading gift card brands like Amazon, Petro-Canada, Winners, Starbucks, The Keg and Indigo. 
											
										
									
								
							
						
						
							RBC Financial Rewards
							
								
									RBC Financial Rewards®
									Use your Avion points to save for retirement, contribute to your investments or children’s education fund, or pay down your loans:
									
										
											
												RBC Registered Rewards®
												RBC Homeline Plan Reward™
												RBC Mortgage Reward™
											
										
										
											
												RBC Credit Line Reward™
												RBC Personal Loan Reward™
												Trade with Points™
											
										
									
									Available to Avion Premium and Elite members. Avion Select members are not able to redeem for financial rewards.
								
							
						
						
						    
						    	
						        	
						    			
						    		
						    		
						    			Pay with Points
						    		
						    	
						    
						    
						        
						        	Pay with Points
						        	You can use your Avion points as cash!

						        	

									
										
										
											Pay your Credit Card Balance
											Pay down your balance with points1.
										
										Pay Credit Card Balance
									

									
										
										
											Pay In-Store
											Use your points at your favourite retailers1 for select transactions1, plus discover great promotions.
										
										How to Pay in Store
										 
									

								



								

									
										
										
											Pay your Bills
											Use your points to pay your bills1.
										
										Pay Bills
									

									
										
										
											Send an e-transfer
											Put your points towards an Interac e-transfer.
										
										Send an e-transfer
									

								

								
								Available to Avion Premium and Elite members with eligible RBC cards. Avion Select members are not able to pay with points.

						        
						    
						
						
							
								
									
										
									
									
										Convert your Points
									
								
							
							
								
									Convert Avion Points
									Convert your Avion points to a wide variety of partner loyalty programs that we designate from time to time1.
									

									
										
											
											American Airlines
										
										

											
											Asia Miles
										
										
											
											British Airways
										
									
									
										
											
											WestJet
										
									
									Not all Avion Rewards members are eligible to covert points to all partner loyalty programs.
								
							
						
						
							Donate to Charity
							
								
									Donate your Points to Charity
									Help others by donating your Avion points to great charities like these:

									
										
											
											Ronald McDonald House
										
									
									
										
											
											Hope Air
										
										
											
											Own the Podium
										
										
											
											The David Foster Foundation
										
									
									Coming soon for Avion Select members!
								
							
						
					
				
			

			
				
					
						
							
								Access your Cash back and Avion Points
								It’s easy to easy to track your cash back and points and redeem your points online or the Avion Rewards app.
								Download the Avion Rewards app today

								
									
										Download the app for Android
										
									
									
										Download the app for iOS
										
									
								
							
						
						
							
						
					
				
			

			
				

					
						
							Not a Member
							
							
							
							Join for Free Today
						
						
							Already a Member
							Sign Into Your Account
							
							
								
									
										Sign Into Your Account
										
											Select...
											Online Banking
											
												Personal
												Business
												Commercial
										  
										
									
								
								
									Sign in
								
							
						
					
				
			

			
				
					View Legal DisclaimersHide Legal Disclaimers
					
						
							
								
									*
									This offer is not transferable. To take advantage of this offer, you must link one of your eligible RBC Royal Bank debit or credit card(s) ** (“Eligible RBC card”) to your Moi card to earn one (1) extra Moi point for every $2 spent (“Bonus Points”) at any Metro or Food Basics. Minimum spend of $60, calculated on the final price of your purchases after taxes, required (“Qualifying Purchase”). This offer may not be combined or used in conjunction with any other offers, and cannot be applied retroactively to previous purchases. Offer only applicable for members who have linked their Moi Rewards card to an eligible RBC debit or credit card for first time. Members who unlink and link again multiple times are not eligible for this offer. Qualifying Purchase excludes gift cards, tobacco products, Western Union, lottery, transit tickets, gift card purchases, prescription, prescription services and other professional Pharmacy services. Some products are not available online. Subject to Metro eCommerce Terms and Conditions. Details at https://www.metro.ca/en. **For a list of eligible RBC debit and credit cards (“RBC cards”) and ineligible purchases of the Avion Rewards and Moi Linked Loyalty program, please refer to the complete terms and conditions available at https://linkedloyalty.avionrewards.com/moi/linked-loyalty-terms-en.pdf. Metro Inc., not Royal Bank of Canada (“RBC"), is responsible for the sales, returns and terms and conditions applicable to your Qualifying Purchase. RBC reserves the right to cancel, modify or withdraw this offer at any time, even after you have activated it. 
								
								
									^
									Receive 1 extra More Rewards point for every $1 spent (2X the base earn More Rewards points). To receive your bonus More Rewards points, you must scan your More Rewards card, pay with your linked RBC card at participating More Rewards grocery partners such as Save-On-Foods, Buy-Low Foods, Quality Foods, Nesters Market, Urban Fare and PriceSmart Foods. For a full list of participating retailers visit www.morerewards.ca.
								
								
									†
									
										Once you link your RBC Credit or an RBC Debit Card to your Triangle Rewards Account (“RBC Linked Card”), you’ll earn 3x CT Money, consisting of the 0.4% base rate earned by Triangle Rewards members x 3 for a total of 1.2% of the pre-tax amount of the purchase each time you present your Triangle Rewards card/key fob or any approved Cardless Method and use your Linked RBC Card to pay for qualifying purchases at Canadian Tire or Designated Partner Locations. The 3x CT Money is exclusive of any bonus or promotional offers. CT Money you collect upon making a purchase cannot be redeemed for that purchase and can only be redeemed for a subsequent eligible purchase after the CT Money has been processed and issued to the Triangle Rewards Account.
									
								
								
									1
									Terms and conditions apply.