Coming soon: Pumped up fuel savings



    




    
    

    



        
    



    


    

    


    





    
    
        



    
    

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
        
            
                Spend
            
            
        
    
        
        
            
                No Annual Fee Credit Cards
            
            
        
    


    




    No Annual Fee Credit Cards


    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    Tangerine’s Credit Cards earn you cash back, making it easier to save money on your everyday purchases, but you also avoid extra costs as our Cards have no annual fee.



    




    
    
    
    
        
        
        
    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
    
    
    


    




    Our best Credit Card offer!



    



        
    




    Get $120 with a Money-Back World Mastercard®*
Spend $1,500 in your first 3 months to enjoy this Bonus. It’s the no annual fee Credit Card with the most cash back categories to choose from††. Learn More



    



        
    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
    
    
    


    



        
    



        
    






    


    

    


    



    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    $392,000,000
In cash back rewarded to Clients since 2015



    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    2% cash back
In up to 3 customizable categories



    



        
    



        
    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    Compare Tangerine’s Best No Annual Fee Credit Cards


    




    Get unlimited monthly Cash Back Rewards on everyday purchases, with customizable categories and Mastercard benefits, all with No Annual Fee



    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    Money-Back Credit Card


    




    Your everyday Credit Card with no annual fee.

 Eligibility: $12,000 personal income



    




    
    

    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    2%
Cash back in up to 3 categories



    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    0.5%
On everything else



    



        
    



        
    




    
        
    
    
    


    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    Money-Back World Mastercard®*


    




    Your everyday Credit Card with additional lifestyle benefits and no annual fee.
Eligibility: $50,000 personal income or $80,000 household income†



    




    
    

    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    2%
Cash back in up to 3 categories



    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    0.5%
On everything else



    



        
    



        
    




    
        
    
    
    


    



        
    



        
    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    


    
    
        



    
    

     Money-Back Credit CardMoney-Back World Mastercard®*No annual feeTwo 2% unlimited cash back categoriesUnlock a third 2% category0.5% on everything elseAdditional Benefits  ↳ FlexiRoam14-↳ DragonPass16-↳ H&R Block1715% off20% off↳ Fubo TV15-Mobile device insurance5-Extended warranty5Purchase protection5Rental car insurance5-Free Authorized Users (x5)Eligibility$12,000 personal income$50,000 personal income or $80,000 household†



    



    


    

    



        
    




     
 



    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    Start earning cash back with a no annual fee Credit Card


    




    Apply in minutes - With our Credit Cards, it’s easy for you to earn cash back on your everyday purchases and save money.



    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    

    Money-Back World Mastercard®*




    
    

    Money-Back Credit Card



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    

    Money-Back World Mastercard®*




    
    

    Money-Back Credit Card



        
    



        
    



        
    






    
    
        



    
    

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    Change your 2% categories to match your
spending habits!
Choose two 2% categories to maximize your unlimited cash back where
you spend the most, like groceries or gas. You can change them to match your
spending habits every 90 days◊.




    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
Calculate your rewards based on your habits





    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
    
    
    


    




    Choose two 2% categories


    




    2% cash back on purchases in two categories of your choice.



    



        
    




    +



    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
    
    
    


    




    Unlock a third 2% category


    




    Have your cash back Reward deposited in a Tangerine Savings Account and get a third 2% Money-Back Category.



    



        
    



        
    




    



    Categories to choose from:



    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
    
    
    


    




    Grocery



    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
    
    
    


    




    Restaurants



    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
    
    
    


    




    Gas



    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
    
    
    


    




    Entertainment



    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
    
    
    


    




    Furniture



    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
    
    
    


    




    Hotel-Motel



    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
    
    
    


    




    Drug Store



    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
    
    
    


    




    Recurring Bill Payments



    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
    
    
    


    




    Home Improvement



    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
    
    
    


    




    Public Transportation and Parking



    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
    
    
    


    




    E-Games



    






    
    
        



    
    

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
    
    
    


    




    New



    



        
    



    


    

    


    


        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
    
    
    


    




    Fitness and Sports Clubs



    






    
    
        



    
    

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
    
    
    


    




    New



    



        
    



    


    

    


    


        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
    
    
    


    




    Foreign Currency Spend



    






    
    
        



    
    

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
    
    
    


    




    New



    



        
    



    


    

    


    


        
    



        
    



        
    



        
    



        
    



    


    

    


    



    
    
    
    
        
        



    
    
        



    
    

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    Coming soon: Pumped up fuel savings


    




    We're giving Tangerine Clients instant fuel savings every time they visit a Shell station. Beginning Mar 3, 2026, in Alberta and expanding nationwide on May 26, 2026, Tangerine Credit cardholders can get additional fuel value at participating Shell stations.



    




    Don’t have our Mobile Banking app3 yet? Download it today, so you can bank easily from anywhere.



    



        
    



        
    



    


    

    


    


        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    Fees & Interest


    




    All fees and interest are the same for both Tangerine Credit Cards.



    




    
    


    
    
        



    
    

     Fees & InterestAccount Fee$0
Interest rate on purchases20.95%Regular Balance Transfer fee3% of the amount transferred, or minimum of $5.00 Promotional Balance Transfer fee111% of the amount transferredPromotional Balance Transfer interest rate111.95% on balances transferred in the first 30 days. Promo rate applies for 6 Statement Periods from date of last eligible balance transfer (22.95% after that)Foreign currency conversion2.50%Cash Advance $3.50 within Canada,
$5.00 outside CanadaInterest on Cash Advances22.95%Dishonoured payment$25.00Over-Limit$25.00Rush Card$25.00Past statement reprint$5.00 per statement, no charge for reprint of current monthly statement



    



    


    

    




    Grace Period: We calculate interest on any amount owed from the transaction date until that amount has been paid in full. However, we don’t charge interest on new purchases that appear on your Credit Card Account statement for the first time if we receive payment in full of your balance (as shown on your Credit Card Account statement) by the Payment Due Date on that statement. This interest-free grace period doesn’t apply to Cash Advances.
 
 See the Disclosure Statement that you will receive with your Card for full details about the fees and rates that apply to your Card.



    



        
    



        
    






    
    
        



    
    

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    Join with our app 


    




    Become a Client completely digitally with our Mobile Banking app3and add your Tangerine Credit Card to your Mobile Wallet (Apple Pay, Google Pay, and Samsung Pay) to ensure you don’t miss an opportunity to earn cash back on your everyday purchases.



    




    Don’t have our Mobile Banking app3 yet? Download it today, so you can bank easily from anywhere.



    






    
    
        



    
    

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    4.6



    




    
        
    
    
    


    




    100,000+ Reviews4



    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
    
    
    


    




    
        
    
    
    


    




    
        
    
    
    


    



        
    



        
    



    


    

    


    



    Signing up on Web is cool too!



    



        
    



        
    



    


    

    


    


        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        



    
    
        



    
    

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    Are you already a Client?


    




    
    

    



        
    




    Log in if you already bank with us, or take just a few minutes to sign up and become a client.



    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    

    No, Sign me up




    
    

    Yes, Log me in



        
    



        
    



        
    



    


    

    


    





    
    
        



    
    

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    Are you already a Client?


    




    
    

    



        
    




    Log in if you already bank with us, or take just a few minutes to sign up and become a client.



    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    

    No, Sign me up




    
    

    Yes, Log me in



        
    



        
    



        
    



    


    

    


    



    
    
    
    
        
        
        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
    
    
    


    




    Credit Card FAQs


    





    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
            
                How can I apply for a Tangerine  Credit Card?
                
            
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    Click here to apply for Tangerine® Money-Back World Mastercard®*
Click here to apply for the Money-Back Credit Card

You can become a Client completely digitally with our Mobile Banking app3. Sign up without leaving your home or having to call us—it’s a fast, convenient and secure mobile experience.



    




    Click here to apply for the Tangerine® Money-Back World Mastercard®*
Click here to apply for the Money-Back Credit Card

You can become a Client completely digitally with our Mobile Banking app3. Sign up without leaving your home or having to call us—it’s a fast, convenient and secure mobile experience.



    



        
    



    

        
            
                Can I manage my Tangerine Credit Card through the Mobile Banking app?
                
            
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    Yes! You can download the Mobile Banking app on the Google Playopens in a new tab Store or App Store.



    



        
    



    

        
            
                What should I do if my Tangerine Credit Card is lost or stolen?
                
            
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    If your Tangerine Credit Card is lost or stolen:
1. Log in if you haven’t already and select your Credit Card
2. Click the ‘Lock Card’ button and follow the steps from there
If you’re on a mobile device, here's how:
1. Select your Credit Card Account.
2. Tap ‘Manage Card’ and select ‘Lock Card’ and follow the prompts from there.
This will stop any new activity on your Card from the date you select this feature.
Once it’s locked, if you can’t find your Card, please call us at 1-888-826-4374.
If you’re travelling outside Canada or the U.S., you can call us collect at 416-758-3139. We'll issue a replacement Card, and it should arrive within 5 to 7 days.



    



        
    



    

    



        
    



        
    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    

    



    


    


    



    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
            
                Legal Stuff
                
            
        
        

    
    
        



    
    



    
    
        



    
    

    
    
    
    
        
        

    General Terms:
Applicants must apply for the Card and must consent to a credit check. Accounts must be in Good Standing in order to receive Money-Back Rewards.
See the Tangerine Money-Back Rewards Program Terms & Conditions for full details.
Balance Transfers are treated as Cash Advances and interest applies from the transaction date that appears on your monthly statement to the date you repay the balance in full. There is no interest-free grace period on Cash Advances or Balance Transfers.
Annual Interest Rates: The annual interest rate on Purchases is 20.95% and Cash Advances (including Balance Transfers) is 22.95%. Rates are subject to change. If you don't make 2 consecutive monthly Minimum Payments, or at any time thereafter, an interest rate of 25.95% will apply to your Account on Purchases and 27.95% on Cash Advances (including Balance Transfers).
Other Fees and Rates: These fees are charged on the day the transaction occurs (unless otherwise indicated): Cash Advance: $3.50 within Canada, $5 outside of Canada; Balance Transfer: 3% or minimum of $5 (unless reduced or waived) of the amount transferred when it is posted to your Account. Dishonoured Payment: $25; Rush Card: $25; Over-Limit: $25 (maximum one Over-Limit charge per monthly statement period); Past Statement Reprint: $5 per past statement. There is no charge for a reprint of your current monthly statement. Foreign Currency Conversion: When the converted transaction amount gets posted to your Account, we'll add a foreign currency conversion fee of 2.50% to the converted transaction amount.
See your Information Box in the application for full details or visit Tangerine.ca/CreditCardLegal. Rates and fees are subject to change.
Cash Advances (including Balance Transfers) do not earn Tangerine Money-Back Rewards. See the terms and conditions of the Tangerine Money-Back Rewards Program at Tangerine.ca/CreditCardLegal for full details on other items that do not earn Tangerine Money-Back Rewards.
5 Benefits include:
Rental Car Collision/ Loss Damage Insurance: Damage and theft protection for your car rental when you rent for up to 31 consecutive days and charge the full cost of your rental to your Card.
Mobile Device Insurance: Protection on new cell phones, smartphones or tablets when you charge the full cost to your Card, or when you purchase it through a plan and charge all of your wireless bill payments to your Card. Covers up to $1,000 if your mobile device is lost, stolen, accidentally damaged or experiences mechanical failure.
Purchase Assurance and Extended Warranty: For most new purchases made anywhere in the world using your Tangerine Credit Card, you may receive a lifetime maximum of up to $60,000 for the following insurance coverage:
• Purchase Assurance to automatically cover loss, theft or damage on most new insured items for 90 days from the date of purchase
• Extended Warranty which may double the period of repair services to a maximum of one year
Insurance coverage is underwritten by American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida (ABIC). ABIC, its subsidiaries, and affiliates carry on business in Canada under the name of Assurant®. ®Assurant is a registered trademark of Assurant, Inc. Coverage is subject to eligibility, limitations and exclusions. For details of the coverage, including definitions and benefits, refer to the Certificate of Insurance provided with the card.
See the Credit Card Cardholder Agreement for complete benefits and terms.
† In addition to Tangerine’s credit approval criteria, new applicants for the Tangerine® Money-Back World Mastercard®* Account must meet one of the following minimum criteria: $50,000 gross annual income, $80,000 gross household income, or $250,000 in Tangerine Savings Accounts(s) and/or Investment Fund Accounts(s).



    



        
    



    


    

    


    





    
    
        



    
    

    14FlexiRoam: Valid from 10/01/2024 and can be redeemed once per calendar year. Eligible Money-Back World Mastercard® cardholders can redeem a FlexiRoam eSIM and a 1GB of global** data roaming, and Mastercard World Elite cardholders can redeem a FlexiRoam eSIM and a 3GB of global** data roaming plan at no additional cost by using your eligible Mastercard payment card (the "Program Benefit"). Eligible cardholders will need to register by creating a FlexiRoam account. To determine eligibility, enter your full 16-digit Mastercard card number when prompted in the FlexiRoam Mobile Application or on the FlexiRoam website. Upon verification of your eligibility, you must complete the full enrollment process to utilize the Program Benefit.
The FlexiRoam eSIM and the 1GB or 3x1GB global data roaming plans must be activated within the calendar year following enrollment and each will be valid for 5 days from the date of activation.
Benefit can only be redeemed once. For subsequent purchases, a 15% discount will be automatically applied.
Terms, conditions, pricing, special features, and service and support options subject to change or cancellation without notice. Mastercard reserves the right to modify or cancel this Program Benefit at any time without notice. In order to redeem the Program Benefit, you acknowledge that you are entering into an agreement with FlexiRoam. By agreeing to the terms thereof, you acknowledge and agree that neither Mastercard nor any participating financial institution card issuer has any involvement or responsibility for the provision of any FlexiRoam benefit, subscription, products or services and are not responsible for any claims or damages arising from their use thereof.
This Program Benefit is non-transferable and may be terminated for any breach of the FlexiRoam terms and conditions. The offer cannot be combined with any other FlexiRoam offer. Your use of the Program Benefit is subject to FlexiRoam’s terms and conditions and other applicable legal terms and conditions available at https://www.flexiroam.com/terms-and-conditions/opens in a new tab. Additional eligibility restrictions, exclusions and terms apply. See full terms and conditions.
The following cards issued in Canada: Money-Back World Mastercard® and World Elite Mastercard, if eligible. Check here for eligibility: mastercard.flexiroam.com/canadaopens in a new tab.
Cardholders cannot data roam using FlexiRoam in North Korea, Ukraine, Western Sahara & Tanzania.
15 Fubo TV: Eligible Mastercard* cardholders who are new subscribers** of Fubo will receive a C$30 discount on Fubo Canada Sports quarterly plan when they pay with their Eligible Mastercard. Offer not available to Quebec-based cardholders. The offer is valid one time only. Each eligible World and World Elite cardholder will receive the C$30 discount on his or her first payment only (total first quarterly payment with discount applied will be equal to C$49.97*** + applicable taxes) and thereafter, the quarterly subscription will automatically renew at a cost of C$79.97*** per quarter + applicable taxes until cancellation. To access the offer and subscribe to a Fubo Sports Quarterly plan, you must register at https://fubo.tv/stream/ca/mastercardopens in a new tab. The $30 discount on the Sports Quarterly plan will be deducted from the cost of the plan at the time of checkout. Additional taxes may be applied.
Additional terms and conditions apply. Your subscription is subject to Fubo’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy available at: Fubo Terms of Service. Terms, conditions, subscription pricing, features, programming, and service and support options subject to change without notice. You can cancel your subscription through your Account Page at any time before renewal, visit Fubo TV website (My Account). In the event of cancellation, no credits or refunds will be provided for subscription fees already paid. Mastercard and Fubo reserve the rights to modify or end this offer at any time and for any reason, without notice.
Neither Mastercard or any participating financial institution card issuer has any involvement in or responsibility for the provision of any Fubo subscriptions, products, or services, and are not responsible for any arising claims or damages. 
*The following cards issued in Canada: Money-Back World Mastercard®, World Elite Mastercard, and Muse by Mastercard if eligible. Check here for eligibility: https://fubo.tv/stream/ca/mastercardopens in a new tab. Offer not available to Quebec-based cardholders.
**A “new subscriber” eligible for the one-time C$30 discount is someone who has not registered for Fubo services previously as determined solely by Fubo. Subscribers who have a subscription to Fubo services would not be eligible to redeem this offer.
*** Price subject to change. Visit checkout page or My Account page for current subscription price.
16 Mastercard Travel Pass: Certain terms, conditions and exclusions apply. For full details, please visit: https://mastercardtravelpass.dragonpass.com/terms-and-conditionsopens in a new tab.
Any of these offers may be changed or cancelled at any time without notice.
17 H&R Block
Offer available from October 1, 2024, until September 30, 2026. Offer valid only for eligible Mastercard cardholders on the purchase of one individual or coupled tax Online Tax Service and Assisted Tax Preparation. At participating locations only. Some conditions may apply. Applicable tax extra. Payment must be completed with the cardholder’s eligible Mastercard. Applicable discount will be deducted at time of checkout before taxes are applied. Offer valid only on the purchase of a paid version of the current year and does not apply to add-ons available. Cannot be applied to past transactions or previous version of the tax software. No cash surrender or other value. May not be combined with any other discount offer. Additional terms and conditions apply, please visit: https://www.hrblock.ca/legal/terms-conditions/hr-block-software-terms-conditionsopens in a new tab. Terms, conditions, pricing, features, and service and support options subject to change without notice. Mastercard and HRBC reserves the right to modify or end this offer at any time, without notice. Conditions apply. HRBC Products and Services are not provided by Mastercard. By purchasing HRBC Products and Services, the client agrees that the legal relationship will be with HRBC and not Mastercard. By agreeing to the terms thereof, you acknowledge and agree that neither Mastercard nor any participating financial institution card issuer has any involvement in or responsibility for the provision of any HRBC Subscriptions, Products, or Services, and are not responsible for any claims or damages arising thereof.



    



    


    

    


    





    
    
        



    
    

    †† Rewards Promotional Offer:
The Tangerine $120 Money-Back Rewards Limited-time Promotional Offer (the “Offer”) is only available to new Tangerine Money-Back World Mastercard Account holders who (i) apply for a Tangerine Money-Back World Mastercard (the “Account”) by April 30, 2026, (ii) activate their Account within 45 days of approval, and (iii) have at least $1,500 in total Net Purchases posted to their Account within the 90-day promotional period beginning on the date the Tangerine Money-Back World Mastercard is activated. “Net Purchases” include purchases charged to the Account (less any refunds, returns or other similar credits) but do not include payments, Cash Advances (including Balance Transfers and Cash-Like Transactions), interest, fees, insurance premiums, adjustments or other charges. The Offer Bonus of $120 Money-Back Rewards will be credited to the Primary Cardholder’s Account within approximately 1–2 statement cycles after the 90-day promotional period provided the Account is open and in Good Standing at time of payout. Your Account is in Good Standing if it is not more than one (1) monthly statement period past due and is not closed, charged off, or in credit revoked status, all according to our credit risk policies that may change from time to time. If a Client does not meet the minimum Net Purchases dollar amount required within the promotional period, they will not receive any cashback under this Offer. Limit of one Offer per eligible Client. This Offer is non-transferable. Offer may be changed, cancelled or extended at any time. All other Account terms, including the Tangerine Money-Back Rewards Program Terms and Conditions, remain unchanged and continue to apply. See the Tangerine Credit Card Cardholder Agreement for more details, including definitions of any capitalized terms.



    



    


    

    


    





    
    
        



    
    

    11 Balance Transfer Promotional Offer at 1.95% for 6 months (1% Balance Transfer Fee)
A Promotional Rate of 1.95% will apply to any and all Balance Transfers made within 30 days of the Account opening, and will remain in effect for 6 Statement Periods from the date the last such Balance Transfer was posted to the Account (the “Promotional Rate Period”). To take advantage of this Promotional Offer, you must complete the Balance Transfer request within 30 days of Account approval. You must also activate your Card within 45 days of Account approval for the requested Balance Transfer to be processed, or the Balance Transfer will be automatically cancelled. Balance Transfers are treated as Cash Advances on your Card and do not have an interest-free grace period. Balance Transfers may not exceed the available credit on the Account. If the Balance Transfer exceeds the available credit, the Balance Transfer transaction will not be processed. A 1% Balance Transfer Fee will be charged on each Balance Transfer amount and will be immediately charged to your Credit Card. This Balance Transfer Fee is waived by Tangerine if you are a resident of the province of Quebec at the time you accept this offer. Interest does not accrue on the Balance Transfer Fee, however it is included in the Minimum Payment amount on your monthly statement. You must continue to make all of your monthly Minimum Payments by the Payment Due Dates shown on your monthly statements. If you still have an amount owing from your Balance Transfer when the Promotional Rate Period ends, the Cash Advance interest rate of 22.95% will apply to that amount. You must continue to make the Minimum Payments on your Account, regardless of whether the Balance Transfer has been processed to your Account. We don’t charge interest on new Purchases that appear on your statement for the first time if we receive full payment of the Balance on your statement (including payment of any Balance Transfers included in that Balance), by the Payment Due Date on your statement. This means you will pay interest on new purchases that appear on your statement for the first time unless we receive payment of your entire balance each month by the payment due date. For example, if you do a promotional (or non-promotional) balance transfer for $7,000 and spend $500 in new purchases during the same statement cycle, we must receive payment of the entire balance of $7,500 on or before your payment due date to avoid paying interest on your new purchases that month of $500. Balance Transfers may not be used to transfer money to or from another Tangerine Account. See the Tangerine Credit Card Cardholder Agreement for more information about how we apply payments to your Account.



    



    


    

    


    





    
    
        



    
    

    ◊ Changing Your 2% Money-Back Categories: At the time of Application, you will choose either two (2) or three (3) 2% Money-Back Categories (depending on your choice of Redemption Destinations as described above in Section 5 of the Tangerine Money-Back Rewards Program Terms and Conditionsopens in a new tab. If your online session ends early during the Application process and you did not have a chance to select your 2% Money-Back Categories, we will choose them on your behalf. Whether you choose your 2% Money-Back Categories or they are chosen for you, you can make one (1) 2% Money-Back Category change request at any time after the Credit Card Account opening. Any further 2% Money-Back Category change requests will take effect on the first billing date following a 90-day hold period after the previous 2% Money-Back Category change took effect. During the 90-day period, you may request a change to your 2% Money-Back Category selection at any time. However, the change will not take effect until this period has ended. If you request multiple changes to your 2% Money-Back Categories throughout this period, we will select the most recent change request as the request that is to be implemented. To review the history of changes to your Credit Card Account, log in at tangerine.ca and go to “Manage Rewards”.



    



    


    

    


    





    
    
        



    
    

    
    
    
    
        
        

    ® Apple Pay is a registered trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.
™ Google Pay is a trademark of Google LLC.
® Samsung Pay is a registered trademark of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.



    



        
    



    


    

    


    





    
    
        



    
    

    ®*World Mastercard and Mastercard are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated.
®Tangerine is a registered trademark of The Bank of Nova Scotia, used under licence. Forward Banking is a registered trademark of Tangerine Bank.



    



    


    

    


    





    
    
        



    
    

    
    
    
    
        
        

    3 Some conditions may apply. Service is subject to availability and successful digital verification.



    




    4 As of May 21, 2025 there were 44.7K reviews with an average rating of 4.5 from the Google Play Storeopens in a new tab and 72.5K reviews with an average rating of 4.8 from the App Storeopens in a new tab.



    




    ® App Store is a registered trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.



    




    ™ Google Play is a trademark of Google LLC.



    



        
    



    


    

    


    


    


    

    


    

    



        
    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    Are you already a Client?


    




    
    

    



        
    




    Log in if you already bank with us, or take just a few minutes to sign up and become a client.



    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    

    No, Sign me up




    
    

    Yes, Log me in



        
    



        
    



        
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        

    Are you already a Client?


    




    
    

    



        
    




    Log in if you already bank with us, or take just a few minutes to sign up and become a client.



    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    

    No, Sign me up




    
    

    Yes, Log me in