Business...Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsAvion Visa Business



        



          MENU



          The RBC Avion Visa Business Credit Card



        



      



      



        



          



            



              







              



                



              



              



            



            



              Get Rewarded for Your Business Expenses

              Reward yourself, your employees or reinvest in your business with Avion points you earn simply for making purchases with your card. 

              

                Apply Now    

                  

                    or

                     Call 1-800-769-2520

                   

                

                

                  Apply Now    

                  

                    or

                     

                    Call 1-800-769-2520

                     

                

              

              Already a Client? Sign In To Apply



            



          



          



            



              Annual Fee: $120



            



            



              Additional Card: $50



            



            



              Purchase Rate: 19.99%



            



            



              Cash Advance Rate: 22.99%



            



          



        



      



      



          



            



              



                This Card is Ideal for Business Owners Who Want:



                



                  



                    The benefits of a premium rewards program that gives your business the flexibility to redeem for travel as well as merchandise, gift cards or to pay back with points



                  



                  



                    A built-in suite of premium insurance coverage



                  



                  



                    Less than 5 cards in their expense program



                  



                  



                    To simplify accounting, employee reimbursement, and identify tax-deductible expenses



                  



                              



              



              
    
        
        
            Not sure if this is the right credit card for your business?
            Tell us about your business and we will provide a personalized card recommendation.
            Help me choose
        
    
    Tell us about your business and we will provide a personalized card recommendation.
    Help me choose




            



          



      



      



        



          



            



              Key Features



            



            



              Earn Avion Points



              Earn 1 Avion point for every $1 spent in net purchases with your card3. Check out the RBC Business Rewards Calculator to see how quickly your points can add up!



              Earn Points Faster



              Combine the Avion points earned from all your employees’ RBC Avion Visa Business cards into one account, and pool your points between your business and personal Avion cards5.



              Redeem for Merchandise4, Gift Cards or Financial Rewards



              Use your points to invest in your business, provide incentives to employees, pay back your balance or simply reward yourself.



              Instant Fuel Savings at Petro-Canada



              Link your card7 and instantly save 3¢/L on fuel8 and always earn 20% more Petro-Points9 and Avion points10.



            



          



          



          



            



              Rewards



            



            



              Earn Rewards



              



                



                  Enjoy 35,000 Welcome Avion points upon enrollment1



                



                



                  Earn bonus points while you shop, make your Avion Rewards credit card even more rewarding.



                



                



                 Calculate your annual rewards potential



                



              



              Redeem Rewards



              



                



                  Redeem for air travel rewards from the Air Travel Redemption Schedule. Book any flight, on any airline at anytime2, instantly, only Avion Rewards program has an online booking tool that’s powered by Orbitz



                



                



                  Enjoy other travel rewards including packaged holidays, hotels, car rentals, cruises and tours.



                



                



                  Redeem points online for the latest tech products at Apple and Best Buy, gift cards/ certificates at today’s hottest stores, specially selected merchandise items or RBC Financial Rewards.



                



              



              Avion Rewards



              Whether you want to reward yourself or your valuable employees, or even reinvest in your business, Avion Rewards provides you plenty of options.



              Learn More about Avion Rewards



              



              







              



                  The Avion Collection – Exclusive Experiences, Offers and Benefits



              



              



                  Only Avioners can unlock access to this ever-growing catalogue of exclusive experiences, offers and benefits. From the golf green, to the red carpet, to dining & entertainment - Avioners always get more. Start Exploring The Avion Collection



              











              RBC Offers



              Sign in with your business account to see your offers from great brands. Load offers to get cash savings or bonus Avion points on business spend.



              Learn More about Avion Rewards



              



            



          



          



          



            



              Insurance & Protection



            



            



              Extensive Insurance Coverage



              



                Get insurance protection with trip cancellation, interruption13 and rental car insurance11, even your eligible retail purchases are included12.



              



              Liability Waiver Insurance



              



                Protects you and your business against fraud and unauthorized charges by employees.



              



              Purchase Security



              



                Protects eligible business purchases charged to your RBC Avion Visa Business card against theft, loss or damage for 90 days from the day you buy them12.



              



              Extended Warranty



              



                Doubles the manufacturer's original Canadian warranty by up to one additional year, to a maximum of 5 years. This valuable coverage protects all eligible business items that are purchased on your RBC Avion Visa Business card12.



              



              Fraud Prevention and Enhanced Security



              



                RBC’s 24-hour worldwide fraud detection keeps your card safe, while Visa’s Zero Liability eliminates your liability for fraudulent card transactions, provided you protect your PIN and card. Chip and PIN technology offers extra security with every purchase.



              



            



          



          



          



            



              Additional Benefits



            



            



              



                Great Benefits – Just for Avioners



              



              



                  



                      From exclusive perks to enhanced coverage, explore all the benefits that come with being an Avioner.  



                  



                  View all the Avioner Benefits



              



              



              Credit Card Lock



              



                You can lock your RBC credit card temporarily at any time. Use Credit Card Lock if you’ve misplaced your card, simply log in to the RBC Mobile app and choose the card you want to lock. Learn More.



              











              Save on Car rentals at Hertz



              



                Get up to 20%14 off at Hertz (applies to the base rate only) and earn 3x15 the points. Find out how to load this offer. 



              







              Speed, Convenience and Security



              



                Use Visa payWave when paying for small purchases. Just tap your card and you’re on your way.



              



              Manage Your Credit Card Online



              



                With RBC Online Banking for business, you can pay your credit card and other bills and check your balances and transactions online anytime.



              



              Receive a Discounted Annual Fee When Holding Multiple Cards



              



                Your annual fee will only be $50 for any additional Business Avion or Personal Avion card, when you hold both6.



              



              Optional Extras



              



                Optional Travel Insurance offers peace of mind when you travel for business or pleasure.



              



            



          



          



          You May Also Consider:



          



            



              



                    



                        



                            Making Transactions



                            Digital Account Package



                            



                                Save time and money when you bank electronically.



                            



                        



                        



                            



                                More about the Digital Account Package



                            



                        



                    



                



            



            



              



            



            



              



                



                  



                    Borrowing Money



                    Royal Business OperatingLine



                    Supplements your cash flow by providing your business with a line of credit that you can access anywhere at any time.



                  



                  



                    More About OperatingLine



                  



                



              



            



          



        



      



      

        

            Ready to Apply for your RBC Avion Visa Business Credit Card?

            Apply online or speak with an RBC Advisor today.

            

                How many employees do you have?

            

            

                

                  Less Than 10 Employees

                

                

                  More Than 10 Employees

                

            

            

                

                  Call our 24/7 Business Helpline

                  

                  1-800-769-2520    

                

                

                  Locate a Branch Near You

                  

                  Find a Branch

                

                

                  Contact a Business Specialist

                  

                  Have a Specialist Contact You

                

                

                    Apply Now

                    

                    Already a Client? Sign In To Apply

                

            

        

    















      



        



          You May Also Be Interested In:



          



            



              



                Documentation



                



                  Benefits Guide



                  Insurance & Protection



                  RBC Royal Bank Business Credit Card Agreement (Joint & Several Liability)



                  Business Card Agreement (Corporate Liability)



                  Corporate Liability Waiver



                  Sample Letters



                  Business Credit Card Digital Application Terms and Conditions



                  



                



              



              



                Resources



                



                  



                  Master Client Agreement



                  Report a Lost or Stolen Card



                  Manage your Credit Card Online



                



              



            



          



        



      



      



        



          View Legal DisclaimersHide Legal Disclaimers



          



            



              



                



                



                



                  1

                  To receive the 35,000 Welcome Avion points (“Welcome Points”), your application must be approved by us. The Welcome Points will appear on your first credit card statement after your application has been approved. Only the primary business owner on the account is eligible for the Welcome Points; additional business owner(s) and cardholder(s), existing RBC Avion Visa Business cardholders, as well as existing RBC Avion Infinite Visa Business cardholders, applying for or transferring to the RBC Avion Visa Business credit card are not eligible for this offer. This offer may not be combined or used in conjunction with any other offer. Royal Bank of Canada reserves the right to cancel, modify or withdraw this offer at any time, including if we suspect that you may be manipulating or abusing it, or engaging in any suspicious or fraudulent activity, as determined by Royal Bank of Canada in its sole discretion.



                



                



                  2

                  Air Travel Reward redemptions from the Air Travel Redemption Schedule are 15,000 points for a round trip short-haul flight in economy class with a maximum ticket price of $350. All applicable taxes, service fees and surcharges are the responsibility of the traveler. For more details, including guidelines on redeeming for business class seats, visit www.rbcroyalbank.com/cards/rbcrewards/avion_booking . For general redemption terms, conditions and restrictions that apply to the Avion Rewards program, please visit: www.rbcrewards.com  or call 1-800 ROYAL® 1-2 (1-800-769-2512).



                



                



                  3



                  Avion points are earned on net purchases only; they are not earned on cash advances (including balance transfers, cash-like transactions and certain bill payments), interest charges or fees, and credits for returns and adjustments will reduce or cancel the points earned by the amounts originally charged.



                



             



                



                  4



                  All rewards are subject to availability. If a merchandise item is unavailable exactly as shown, a substitute of equal or greater value will be sent to you. For complete terms, conditions and restrictions that apply to the Avion Rewards program, please visit: www.rbcrewards.com or call 1-800 ROYAL® 1-2 (1-800-769-2512).



                



                



                  5



                  This feature is only available to Business Owners. Supplementary cardholders who also have a personal RBC Avion Visa Platinum card or RBC Avion Visa Infinite card are not eligible to combine points. If there are multiple Business Owners I) combining Avion points between business and personal RBC Avion Visa Platinum card or RBC Avion Visa Infinite cards is only available to one Business Owner, II) Avion points from all RBC Avion Visa Business cards can only be combined into the account of one Business Owner, and III) only that Business Owner will also be able to combine Avion Rewards between his/her business and personal RBC Avion Visa Platinum or RBC Avion Visa Infinite cards.



                



                



                  6



                  Subject to credit approval. If you are a Primary Business Cardholder on a RBC Avion Visa Business account (“Business Avion”) and you also are the primary cardholder on a personal RBC Avion Visa Platinum or RBC Avion Visa Infinite account (“Personal Avion”), the annual fee of either your Business Avion or Personal Avion card, at your choice, will be rebated from $120 to $50, every year, as long as you remain a Primary Business Cardholder on the Business Avion account and a primary cardholder on the Personal Avion account and both cards are in good standing. If you have more than one Personal Avion or Business Avion cards, the annual fee of that additional card will continue to be $50. No rebate will be applied retroactively, which means that depending on which card you want the rebate to be applied to, you may have to wait to your next annual renewal to benefit from the rebate. Royal Bank of Canada reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time.



                



                 



                  7



                  To participate in this offer as a RBC business client, you must have an RBC client card or credit card issued by Royal Bank of Canada (excluding RBC Commercial Avion, RBC Commercial U.S. Dollar Visa, RBC Commercial Cash Back Visa, and RBC Commercial Visa) (« Eligible RBC Card »). When you participate in the Linked Loyalty Program as a RBC business client, you will only be able to link up to two (2) eligible business RBC credit cards and one RBC client card to a Petro-Points account. You must be enrolled in RBC Online Banking for Business in order to link. Card linking may take up to 2 business days to process before savings and bonus points can be applied to purchases. For more information, visit rbc.com/linkbusiness.



                



                



                  8



                  Each time you use your linked Eligible RBC Card to purchase any grade of gasoline, including diesel, at a retail Petro-Canada location, you will save three cents ($0.03) per litre at the time of the transaction.



                 



                



                  9



                  Each time you use your linked Eligible RBC Card to pay for qualifying purchases at a retail Petro-Canada location, you will earn a bonus of twenty percent (20%) more Petro-Points than you normally earn, in accordance with the Petro-Points Terms and Conditions.



                



                



                  10



                  Each time you use your linked Eligible RBC Card that earns Avion points to pay for purchases at a retail Petro-Canada location, you will earn a bonus of twenty percent (20%) more Avion points than you normally earn for every $1 in purchases in accordance with the Avion Rewards Terms and Conditions. Please allow up to ninety (90) days from the date the transaction is posted on your credit card statement for the bonus points to be deposited into your Avion Rewards account. 



                



                



                  11



                  Coverage underwritten by Aviva General Insurance Company.



                



                



                  12



                  Coverage underwritten by RBC Insurance Company of Canada.



                



                



                  13



                  Trip Cancellation insurance is subject to a limit of $1,500 for each Covered Person (to an overall maximum of $5,000 for all Covered Persons) per trip, and it protects eligible cardholders against the cost of non-refundable travel arrangements that were purchased with your RBC Avion Visa Business card if the trip is cancelled prior to your departure due to an unexpected or unforeseen covered risk. Trip Interruption insurance is subject to a maximum limit of $5,000 for each Covered Person, per trip, for a total maximum of $25,000. This coverage provides reimbursement for the non-refundable unused portion of your prepaid travel arrangements purchased with your RBC Avion Visa Business card, and interrupted due to a covered risk, including the extra costs of economy class transportation to your departure point. Please refer to the Insurance Certificate for complete details regarding these coverages.



                



               



                  14



                  The discount rate of up to 20% on the base rate only (time and mileage charges) (“Discount”) is available at participating Hertz corporate locations in Canada and the U.S and excludes taxes, tax reimbursements, fees, surcharges and optional service charges, such as refueling. For personal credit cards, you must enter the first 6-digits of your eligible RBC Avion credit card in the CDP ID # field when making a booking through the Hertz website to receive the Discount. For business and commercial credit cards, a CDP ID # will be generated upon enrollment in the Hertz Business Rewards program. Please use this CDP ID # for future bookings to take advantage of the Discount and business rewards program benefits. In order for all your colleagues and employees within your organization to receive the Discount, they must use the Hertz Business Rewards CDP ID # when making a booking with Hertz. Hertz, not Royal Bank of Canada, is responsible for the sales and returns terms and conditions applicable to your Discount. For complete terms and conditions please visit: hertz.ca (opens to external site). Royal Bank of Canada reserves the right to cancel, modify or withdraw this offer at any time, even after you have activated it. For more details on the Avion Rewards program, please visit www.avionrewards.com (opens new window).



                



                



                  15



                  This offer is not transferable. To earn the indicated bonus Avion points applicable to your RBC Avion credit card (“Bonus Points”) for every one dollar ($1.00) in purchases, including taxes, you make at any corporately owned Hertz location in Canada, U.S., UK, Germany, Italy, Switzerland, Netherlands, Belgium, Spain, Australia and Luxembourg, beginning February 7th, 2020 to December 31st, 2024 (“Offer Period”), click the “Load Offer” button in Avion Rewards and pay using your eligible RBC Avion credit card (“Eligible Avion Rewards Card”) (“Qualifying Purchase”). Franchised Hertz locations are not eligible for this offer. If your Eligible Avion Rewards Card changes, you must load this offer again. If you cancel your credit card, you will not be eligible for the Discount (defined above) or Bonus Points. Please allow up to 30 days from the date of your Qualifying Purchase, provided your credit card account was in good standing at that time, for the Bonus Points to appear on the account statement tied to your Eligible Avion Rewards Card. Cancellations or price adjustments may cancel or reduce the Avion points earned on your Qualifying Purchase, including Bonus Points. Offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotion, certificate, voucher or other discount. Hertz, not Royal Bank of Canada, is responsible for the sales and returns terms and conditions applicable to your Qualifying Purchase(s). For complete terms and conditions please visit hertz.ca (opens to external site). Royal Bank of Canada reserves the right to cancel, modify or withdraw this offer at any time, even after you have activated it. For more details on the Avion Rewards program, please visit www.avionrewards.com (opens new window).



                





                

                  16

                  

                    

                      To receive a complimentary DashPass subscription for $0 delivery fees on orders of $15 or more at eligible restaurants when you pay with your Eligible RBC Credit Card, you must subscribe to DashPass by adding an Eligible RBC Credit Card, accept the DoorDash terms and conditions, and activate your benefit by clicking “Activate Free DashPass” before November 16, 2028 (“Offer Period”). If you are an existing DashPass subscriber and have already added an Eligible RBC Credit Card to your account you must activate your benefit by clicking “Activate Free DashPass” during the Offer Period. If you have been charged for DashPass you will receive a refund to the method of original payment, in the amount of the monthly subscription fee for the month you activate your complimentary subscription. For all clients, by clicking on “Activate Free DashPass” you agree to the DoorDash terms and conditions which can be found at https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/terms-and-conditions .

                    

                    

                      Eligible RBC Credit cardholders include primary cardholders, co-applicants, authorized users, primary business cardholders and secondary business cardholders on an Eligible RBC Credit Card account.

                    

                    The DashPass monthly subscription fee will be waived (“Complimentary DashPass Subscription”) and you will receive either a 6 months or 12 months Complimentary DashPass Subscription based on the Eligible RBC Credit Card you use to subscribe to DashPass.



                    DashPass subscriptions purchased through third parties, including third-party payment accounts, or online or mobile digital wallets (like Apply Pay and Google Pay) are not eligible for the Complimentary DashPass Subscription.



                    

                      Eligible RBC Credit Cards: Your Eligible RBC Credit Card may only be used with one DoorDash account to receive a Complimentary DashPass Subscription. Once you have received a Complimentary DashPass Subscription you cannot use the same eligible RBC Credit Card to obtain a Complimentary DashPass Subscription with another DoorDash account.

                    

                    

                      You are only eligible for one 12 month Complimentary DashPass Subscription and one 6 months Complimentary DashPass Subscription during the Offer Period. The Complimentary DashPass Subscription commences on the date you subscribe to receive the Complimentary DashPass Subscription. For example, if you subscribe to a 12 month Complimentary DashPass Subscription in on the last day of your second month of a 6 months Complimentary DashPass Subscription you will receive a total of 14 months of Complimentary DashPass Subscription. In order to validate your credit card as an Eligible RBC Credit Card, Royal Bank may need to administer a $0.50 charge to validate your card enrollment. This charge will be reversed in 3 to 5 days once your account has been validated.

                     



                    

                      12 Month Complimentary DashPass Subscription is available for the following Eligible RBC Credit Cards:

                    



                    

                      As an RBC Avion Visa, RBC Avion Visa Infinite , RBC Avion Visa Infinite Privilege, RBC Avion Visa Infinite Privilege for Private Banking, WestJet RBC World Elite Mastercard, Avion Rewards Visa Preferred, RBC Cash Back Preferred World Elite Mastercard, RBC Cathay Pacific Visa Platinum, RBC British Airways Visa Infinite, RBC Avion Visa Business, RBC Avion Visa Infinite Business cardholder.

                    



                    

                      You are eligible for a Complimentary DashPass Subscription for 12 months from the date you subscribe to receive the Complimentary DashPass Subscription. You will be auto-enrolled into full-price membership at the then-current rate after the end of the 12 month Complimentary DashPass Subscription. Your RBC credit card account must be open and not in default to maintain the benefits of DashPass.

                    



                    

                      6 Months Complimentary DashPass Subscription is available for the following Eligible RBC Credit Cards:

                    



                    

                      As an Avion Rewards+ Visa, Signature Avion Rewards Visa, RBC Visa Platinum, RBC Visa Cash Back, RBC Cash Back Mastercard, RBC Visa Classic Low Rate Option, RBC Visa Classic, RBC Student Visa Classic, RBC Visa Classic II Student, RBC Visa Gold, RBC U.S. Dollar Visa Gold, Avion Rewards Visa Gold, RBC RateAdvantage Visa, WestJet RBC Mastercard, RBC Visa Business, RBC Visa Business Gold, RBC Visa CreditLine for Small Business, or RBC Business Cash Back Mastercard.

                    



                    

                      You are eligible for a Complimentary DashPass Subscription for 6 months from the date you subscribed to the Complimentary DashPass Subscription. You will be auto-enrolled into full-price membership at the then-current rate after the end of the 6 months Complimentary DashPass Subscription. Your RBC credit card account must be open and not in default to maintain the benefits of DashPass.

                    



                    

                      DoorDash not Royal Bank of Canada, is responsible for (i) services and products provided through DoorDash; (ii) DashPass, including the DashPass Benefits, the administration of DashPass and (iii) the DoorDash terms and conditions. The Complimentary DashPass Subscription offer may be amended or withdrawn at any time. To learn more about DashPass, visit www.doordash.com/dashpass. For full DashPass for RBC Program Terms and Conditions, visit rbcroyalbank.com/credit-cards/documentation/pdf/full-doordash-tcs-en.pdf.

                    

                                          

                  

                



                

                  17

                  

                    DashPass is a DoorDash subscription service that offers unlimited deliveries for $0 delivery fee on eligible restaurant purchases (minimum order amount of $15.00 CAD before taxes and fees) at a monthly

                  

                



                



                 



              



            



          



        



      











        



          3



        







      open iframe