Business...Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsAvion Visa Infinite Business

                

                    

                        MENU

                    

                    The RBC Avion Visa Infinite Business Credit Card

                

            

            

                

                    

                        

                            

                            

                                

                            

                        

                        

                            

                            Make Business Travel More Rewarding

                            

                                Get 35,000 Welcome Avion points upon approval.2 That’s enough points to fly almost anywhere in Canada & the US except Hawaii & Alaska (a value of up to $750^), taxes & fees extra. Enjoy the travel benefits, plus access to other features designed to help simplify your business and maximize cash flow.

                            

                            

                                Apply Now

                                

                                    or

                                     Call 1-800-769-2520

                                     

                            

                            

                                Apply Now

                                

                                    or

                                     

                                    Call 1-800-769-2520

                                 

                            

                            

                            

                            Already a Client? Sign In To Apply



                        

                    

                    

                        

                            

                                Annual Fee: $175

                            

                        

                        

                            

                                Additional Card: $75 (max. of 9 additional cards)

                            

                        

                        

                            

                                Purchase Rate: 19.99%

                            

                        

                        

                            

                                Cash Advance Rate: 22.99%

                            

                        

                    

                    Please note, to be eligible for this card, you must meet certain minimum requirements. 24 

                

            

            

                

                    

                        

                            This Card is Ideal for Business Owners Who Want:

                            

                                

                                    

                                        To earn Avion points at an accelerated rate on all their business purchases

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        Access to a premium rewards program with flexibility to redeem your points for travel, merchandise, gift cards and more8, or to pay down your credit card balance10

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        Peace of mind while travelling with a suite of comprehensive insurance coverages1 including Mobile Device Insurance6

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        To simplify business operations through powerful expense management tools and employee card controls

                                    

                                

                            

                        

                        

                        
    
        
        
            Not sure if this is the right credit card for your business?
            Tell us about your business and we will provide a personalized card recommendation.
            Help me choose
        
    
    Tell us about your business and we will provide a personalized card recommendation.
    Help me choose


                    

                

            

            

                

                    

                        

                            Key Features

                        

                        

                            

                                Earn Avion points

                            

                            

                                Earn 1.25 Avion points for every $1 spent in net purchases with your card, on up to $75,000 per year3 – see how quickly your points can add up when you use your card for all your business spending!

                            

                            

                                Premium Travel Benefits

                            

                            

                                Benefit from access to 1,200+ airport lounges worldwide, plus valuable airport dining and spa offers provided via Visa Airport Companion(opens to external site)4.

                            

                            

                                Powerful Reporting Tools & Card Controls

                            

                            

                                Streamline your business expense tracking with access to customized reports, card transaction data and photos of your paper receipts with Visa Spend Clarity for Business.

                            

                        

                    

                    

                    

                    

                        

                            Rewards

                        

                        

                            

                                Earn Points

                            

                            

                                

                                    

                                        Earn 1.25 Avion points for every $1 spent in net purchases with your card, on up to $75,000 per year3

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        Enjoy 35,000 Welcome Avion points upon enrollment2

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        Calculate your annual rewards potential

                                    

                                

                            

                            

                                Redeem Rewards

                            

                            

                                

                                    

                                        Book any flight, on any airline at anytime7. Take a look at our Air Travel Redemption Schedule to see how you can make the most of your points!

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        You can also use your points to redeem for vacation packages, hotels, cruises and tours.

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        Redeem your points for other great stuff including the latest Apple products, over 50,000 tech products at Best Buy, and an amazing selection of merchandise and gift cards8 that you can use to enhance your business or to reward employees.

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        Use your Avion points to redeem for RBC Financial Rewards vouchers9 or to pay down your credit card balance10.

                                    

                                

                            

                            

                                Avion Rewards

                            

                            

                                Discover all of the ways you can redeem Avion points. Whether you want to reward yourself or your employees – or invest in your financial future or the success of your business – there are so many exciting options to choose from.

                            

                            Learn More about Avion Rewards

                            

                            

                                The Avion Collection – Exclusive Experiences and Access

                            

                            Only RBC Avion Visa cardholders can unlock this unique catalogue of exclusive experiences and access. From the slopes, to the red carpet, to dining, RBC Avion Visa cardholders get more. Start exploring at Avion Rewards

                            

                                RBC Offers

                            

                            

                                Sign in with your business account to see your offers from great brands. Load offers to get cash savings or bonus Avion points on business spend.

                            

                            Learn More about Avion Rewards

                        

                    

                    

                    

                    

                        

                            Reporting & Controls

                        

                        

                            

                                Visa Spend Clarity for Business

                            

                            

                                This simple and powerful tool allows you to access and track card transaction data, helping you manage your cash flow more efficiently and make more informed decisions about your expenses. Plus, set up and manage each employee with specific, personalized spending controls and transaction limits.

                            

                            

                                Receipt App

                            

                            

                                Use your phone to capture a photo of your paper receipts, enabling you to easily keep track of your business expenses in real time.

                            

                            

                        

                    

                    

                    

                    

                        

                            Insurance & Protection

                        

                        

                            

                                Mobile Device Insurance6

                            

                            

                                

                                    Get 2 years of coverage up to $2,000 in the event your mobile device such as your cell phone is lost, stolen, accidentally damaged or experiences mechanical failure6.

                                

                            

                            

                                Out of Province/Country Emergency Medical

                            

                            

                                

                                    You’re covered for eligible emergency medical expenses incurred during the first 15 consecutive days of your trip while travelling outside the province or country (applies if you are under 65 years of age. If you’re 65+ coverage is provided for the first 3 consecutive days of your trip)11.

                                

                            

                            

                                Lost or Stolen Baggage Insurance

                            

                            

                                

                                    Should your checked baggage get lost or stolen, to replace your items you may be reimbursed up to $1,0006.

                                

                            

                            

                                Travel Accident Insurance

                            

                            

                                

                                    Covers you in the event of an accidental bodily injury resulting in a loss, including death, while travelling on a common carrier, for up to $500,000 CAD12.

                                

                            

                            

                                Delayed Baggage Insurance

                            

                            

                                

                                    Should you need to purchase emergency items as a result of your checked bags getting lost or delayed while travelling, you can receive up to $500 to cover your immediate expenses6.

                                

                            

                            

                                Auto Rental Collision/Loss Damage

                            

                            

                                

                                    Covers you for loss and damage to a rental vehicle up to the actual cash value of the rental vehicle (provided that you executed the rental agreement and paid the entire cost with your card and the rental vehicle has an MSRP under $65,000)13.

                                

                            

                            

                                View all insurances

                            

                            

                                

                                    Trip Cancellation and Trip Interruption Insurance

                                

                                

                                    

                                        Enjoy coverage up to $1,500 per trip (to an overall maximum of $5,000) for each covered person in the event of an unexpected trip cancellation14 and up to $5,000 per trip (to an overall maximum of $25,000) for each covered person in the event of an unexpected trip interruption14.

                                    

                                

                                

                                    Flight Delay Insurance

                                

                                

                                    

                                        Receive up to $250 per day or $500 per trip should you incur expenses as a result of a delayed flight, missed connection or denied boarding12.

                                    

                                

                                

                                    Hotel/Motel Burglary Insurance

                                

                                

                                    

                                        Covers you up to $2,500 should your personal property get lost or damaged as a result of a burglary of your hotel, motel or cruise cabin6.

                                    

                                

                                

                                    Purchase Security

                                

                                

                                    

                                        Protects eligible business purchases charged to your Avion Visa Infinite Business card against theft, loss or damage for 90 days from the day you buy them6.

                                    

                                

                                

                                    Extended Warranty

                                

                                

                                    

                                        Doubles the manufacturer's original warranty by up to one (1) additional year. This valuable coverage protects all eligible business items that are purchased on your Avion Visa Infinite Business card6.

                                    

                                

                            

                        

                    

                    

                    

                    

                        

                            Additional Benefits

                        

                        

                            

                                Combine your Points to Redeem Sooner

                            

                            

                                

                                    Combine the Avion points earned on all your employees’ Avion Visa Infinite Business cards into one account, and pool your points between your business and personal Avion cards15.

                                

                            

                            

                                Instant Gas Savings at Petro-Canada

                            

                            

                                

                                    Link your credit card to your Petro-Points card today and start saving 3¢/L instantly on gas16. Plus, always earn 20% more Avion points and Petro Points17.

                                

                                

                                    For more details click here

                                

                            



                            

                                Save on Car rentals at Hertz

                            

                            

                                Get up to 20%22 off at Hertz (applies to the base rate only) and earn 3x23 the points. Find out how to load this offer.

    

                            





                            

                                Get $0 delivery fees for 12 months from DoorDash

                            

                            

                                

                                 Get $0 delivery fees for 12 months from DoorDash20

                                Add your eligible RBC credit card to your DoorDash account to: 

                                

                                    

                                        Get a 12-month complimentary DashPass subscription21 – a value of almost $120

                                    

                                    

                                        Enjoy unlimited deliveries with $0 delivery fees on orders of $15 or more when you pay with your eligible RBC credit card

                                    

                                

                                Get $0 Delivery Fees

    

                            





                            

                                Personal Assistance Whenever you Need it

                            

                            

                                

                                    The Visa Infinite Business Concierge service can book event tickets, restaurants, help you plan your business travels, and locate hard-to-find items5.

                                

                            

                            

                            

                                See more benefitsSee less benefits

                            

                            

                                

                                    Great Benefits – Just for RBC Avion Visa Cardholders

                                

                                

                                    

                                        From exclusive perks to enhanced coverage, explore all the benefits that come with being an RBC Avion Visa Cardholder.  

                                    

                                    View all the RBC Avion Visa Cardholder Benefits

									

                                



                                

                                    Rest Easy – In Comfort and Style

                                

                                

                                    

                                        The Visa Infinite Luxury Hotel Collection offers benefits such as late check-outs and automatic room upgrades18.

                                    

                                

                                

                                    Exclusive Dining Experiences

                                

                                

                                    

                                        Savour unique dishes and meet the chefs that create them at the top restaurants with the Visa Infinite Dining Series18.

                                    

                                

                                

                                    Credit Card Controls

                                

                                

                                    

                                        Misplaced your RBC credit card? Now you can lock your card directly from your phone using the RBC Mobile19 app. Unlocking it is just as easy.

                                    

                                    Learn More

                                

                                

                                    Manage Your Credit Card Online

                                

                                

                                    

                                        With RBC Online Banking for business, you can pay your credit card and other bills and check your balances and transactions online anytime.

                                    

                                

                            

                        

                    

                    

                    

                    You May Also Consider:

                    

                        

                            

                                

                                    

                                        Making Transactions

                                        Digital Account Package

                                        

                                            Save time and money when you bank electronically.

                                        

                                    

                                    

                                        

                                            More about the Digital Account Package

                                        

                                    

                                

                            

                        

                        

                            

                        

                        

                            

                                

                                    

                                        Borrowing Money

                                        Royal Business OperatingLine 

                                        

                                            Supplements your cash flow by providing your business with a line of credit that you can access anywhere at any time.

                                        

                                    

                                    

                                        

                                            More About OperatingLine

                                        

                                    

                                

                            

                        

                    

                

            

            

                

                    Ready to Apply for your RBC Avion Visa Infinite Business Credit Card?

                    Apply online or speak with an RBC Advisor today.

                    

                        How many employees do you have?

                    

                    

                        

                            Less Than 10 Employees

                        

                        

                            More Than 10 Employees

                        

                    

                    

                        

                            Call our 24/7 Business Helpline

                            

                            1-800-769-2520

                            1-800-769-2520

                        

                        

                            Locate a Branch Near You

                            

                            Find a Branch

                        

                        

                            Contact a Business Specialist

                            

                            

                                Find a Specialist

                            

                        

                        

                            Apply Now

                            Already a Client? Sign In To Apply

                        

                    

                

            

            

                

                    You May Also Be Interested In:

                    

                        

                            

                                Documentation



                                

                                    

                                        

                                            Benefits Guide

                                            Insurance & Protection

                                             RBC Royal Bank Business Credit Card Agreement (Joint & Several Liability)

                                            Business Credit Card Digital Application Terms and Conditions

                                        

                                    

                                    

                                        

                                            Business Card Agreement 

                                                    (Corporate Liability)



                                                    

                                            Liability Waiver Program





                                            Sample Letters

                                        

                                    

                                

                            

                            

                                Resources

                                

                                    Master Client Agreement

                                    Report a Lost or Stolen Card

                                    Manage your Credit Card Online

                                

                            

                        

                    

                

            

            

                

                    

                        View Legal DisclaimersHide Legal Disclaimers

                    

                    

                        

                            

                                

                                

                                    

                                        ^

                                    

                                    

                                        Air Travel Reward redemptions from the Air Travel Redemption Schedule start at 35,000 Avion points for a round trip long-haul flight to almost anywhere in Canada or the United States, exclusive of Hawaii or Alaska, with a maximum ticket price of $750.  All applicable taxes, service fees and surcharges are the responsibility of the traveller.  For more details, including information on redeeming for first class and business class seats, visit: www.avionrewards.com/travel/index.html. For general redemption terms, conditions and restrictions that apply to the Avion Rewards program, please visit: avionrewards.com or call 1-800 ROYAL 1-2 (1-800-769-2512 ).

                                    

                                



                                

                                    

                                        1

                                    

                                    

                                        All insurance is subject to limitations and exclusions. Please refer to the insurance certificates included in your Welcome Kit for complete details.

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        2

                                    

                                    

                                        To receive the 35,000 Welcome Avion points (“Welcome Points”), your application must be approved by us. The Welcome Points will appear on your first credit card statement after your application has been approved. Only the primary business owner on the account is eligible for the Welcome Points; additional business owner(s) and cardholder(s), existing RBC Avion Visa Infinite Business cardholders, as well as existing RBC Avion Visa Business cardholders, applying for or transferring to the RBC Avion Visa Infinite Business credit card, are not eligible for this offer. This offer may not be combined or used in conjunction with any other offer. Royal Bank of Canada reserves the right to cancel, modify or withdraw this offer at any time, including if we suspect that you may be manipulating or abusing it, or engaging in any suspicious or fraudulent activity, as determined by Royal Bank of Canada in its sole discretion.

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        3

                                    

                                    

                                        You will earn: (i) 1.25 Avion point per $1 in net purchases you make with your card, up to a maximum of $75 000 in net purchases per Annual Period, and (ii) 1 Avion point per $1 in net purchases you make with your card in excess of $75 000 during an Annual Period, unlimited. “Annual Period” means the twelve (12) full monthly statement periods each year, starting with your January monthly statement and ending with your December monthly statement or, if you are a new Avion Visa Infinite Business cardholder, the period starting on the day your card is issued and ending with your December statement. Each year, on the first day of your January monthly statement, your annual net purchase amount, for the purpose of determining your earn rate only, will automatically reset to zero. Please note that monthly statement periods don't necessarily line up with the beginning and end of a calendar month. Avion points are earned on net purchases only; they are not earned on cash advances (including balance transfers, cash-like transactions and bill payments that are not pre-authorized charges that you set up with a merchant), interest charges or fees, and credits for returns and adjustments will reduce or cancel the points earned by the amounts originally charged. For more details on the Avion Rewards program, please visit: avionrewards.com/terms-and-conditions

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        4

                                    

                                    

                                        Primary cardholders with an RBC Avion Visa Infinite Business credit card (“Eligible Credit Card”) have access to participating lounges within the Visa Airport Companion Program (“Program”), hosted and managed by DragonPass International Ltd. (“DragonPass”) Cardholders must enroll for this benefit either through the Visa Airport Companion App (available to download for free) or on the Program Website (visaairportcompanion.ca) using their Eligible Credit Card. Upon enrollment, Cardholders and their guests can access participating lounges by paying a fee of $32 USD (subject to change) per person, per visit. Applicable lounge access charges will be billed to the Eligible Credit Card connected to the Cardholders’ Program membership. Unless suspended or cancelled, the Program membership will automatically renew annually on the anniversary date (e.g. when the Cardholder enrolled for the Program). The Program membership may be suspended if your Eligible Credit Card is no longer in good standing. To view a full list of participating airport lounges, their facilities, opening times and restrictions, Cardholders can visit the Program App and Website for more information. Cardholders who participate in the Program are subject to the DragonPass Terms of Use, Terms of Service and Privacy Policy and Visa’s Privacy Notice.  By enrolling in the Program and using the benefits and offers presented through the Program, the Cardholder acknowledges that DragonPass may share Cardholders’ Program data with Visa and/or Royal Bank of Canada (“RBC”) in order to facilitate the Program, subject to Visa and RBC’s own privacy policies. Other terms and conditions apply. To view the full Terms and Conditions for the Program, please visit the Program App or Website. The Program services and benefits are provided by DragonPass and applicable third party offer providers and neither Visa nor RBC is responsible for any claims or damages arising from participation in the Program. Visa reserves the right to modify or cancel this Program at any time and without prior notice. For Full terms and conditions, visit https://en.dragonpass.com.cn/info/termsofservice(opens to external site)

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        5

                                    

                                    

                                        There is no fee for the Concierge’s services, however cardholders are responsible for the cost of any goods or services (including any related fees or costs) authorized by the cardholder and purchased by the Visa Infinite Concierge on the cardholder’s behalf. All costs will be charged directly to the cardholder’s Avion Visa Infinite Business card. For complete details, go to; www.visainfinite.ca.

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        6

                                    

                                    

                                        Coverage underwritten by RBC Insurance Company of Canada.

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        7

                                    

                                    

                                        Subject to availability. Some restrictions may apply. For complete details, please visit: www.avionrewards.com/travel-rewards. For complete terms, conditions and restrictions that apply to the Avion Rewards program, please visit: www.avionrewards.com or call 1-800 ROYAL® 1-2 (1-800-769-2512).

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        8

                                    

                                    

                                        All rewards are subject to availability and may change without prior notice. For complete terms, conditions and restrictions that apply to the Avion Rewards program, please visit: www.avionrewards.com or call 1-800 ROYAL® 1-2 (1-800-769-2512).

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        9

                                    

                                    

                                        You may redeem your points for a voucher that may be used to make a contribution towards any of the registered plans listed under the RBC Registered Rewards category, or applied towards any of the following financial products: RBC Mortgage, RBC Homeline Plan, Royal Credit Line and RBC Personal Loan. Please allow up to 4 weeks for delivery of RBC Financial Rewards voucher. For complete terms, conditions and restrictions that apply to RBC Financial Rewards, please consult the Avion Rewards terms and conditions at: www.avionrewards.com.

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        10

                                    

                                    

                                        Payback with Points redemptions will be applied as a payment towards the balance of the Avion Rewards credit card account you select, not towards a particular transaction. Also, Payback with Points redemptions cannot be converted into cash, a cheque or any other form. It will take two (2) to three (3) business days for your payment to be credited to your credit card account and for your available credit to be adjusted. For more details, visit the Avion Rewards terms and conditions at: www.avionrewards.com.

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        11

                                    

                                    

                                        Under 65 years of age, 15 days of coverage. For age 65 and over, 3 days of coverage. Coverage underwritten by RBC Insurance Company of Canada.

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        12

                                    

                                    

                                        Coverage Underwritten by RBC Insurance Company of Canada.

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        13

                                    

                                    

                                        Coverage Underwritten by Aviva General Insurance Company.

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        14

                                    

                                    

                                        Trip Cancellation insurance is subject to a limit of $1,500 for each Covered Person (to an overall maximum of $5,000 for all Covered Persons) per trip, and it protects eligible cardholders against the cost of non-refundable prepaid travel arrangements that were purchased with the Avion Visa Infinite Business card if the trip is cancelled prior to their departure due to an unexpected or unforeseen covered risk. Trip Interruption insurance is subject to a maximum limit of $5,000 for each Covered Person, per trip for a total maximum of $25,000. This coverage provides reimbursement for the non-refundable unused portion of your prepaid travel arrangements purchased with your Avion Visa Infinite Business card and interrupted, due to a covered risk, including the extra costs of economy class transportation to your departure point. Please refer to the Insurance Certificate for complete details regarding these coverages. Coverage underwritten by RBC Insurance Company of Canada.

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        15

                                    

                                    

                                        This feature is only available to Primary Business Cardholders. Employees who also have a personal Platinum Avion card or Visa Infinite Avion card are not eligible to combine points. If there are multiple Business Owners I) combining Avion points between business and personal Platinum Avion or Visa Infinite Avion cards is only available to one Business Owner, II) Avion points from all Avion Visa Business Infinite cards can only be combined into the account of one Business Owner, and III) only that Business Owner will also be able to combine Avion points between his/her business and personal Platinum Avion or Visa Infinite Avion cards.

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        16

                                    

                                    

                                        To participate in this offer, you must have an RBC debit or credit card which is issued by RBC Royal Bank of Canada (excluding RBC commercial credit cards) (“Eligible RBC Card”). When you participate in the Linked Loyalty Offers as a Business RBC Client, you will only be able to link up to two (2) Eligible Business RBC Credit Cards and one RBC Client Card to a Petro-Points Account. You must be enrolled in RBC Online Banking for business in order to link your Eligible RBC Card to your Petro-Points card. Card linking may take up to 2 business days to process before savings and bonus points can be applied to purchases. Each time you use your linked Eligible RBC Card to purchase any grade of gasoline, including diesel, at a retail Petro-Canada location, you will save three cents ($0.03) per litre at the time of the transaction. For more information, visit rbc.com/linkbusiness.

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        17

                                    

                                    

                                        Only certain RBC credit cards earn Avion points. Each time you use your linked Eligible RBC Card that earns Avion points to pay for purchases at a retail Petro-Canada location, you will earn a bonus of twenty percent (20%) more Avion points than you normally earn for every $1 in purchases in accordance with the Avion Rewards terms and conditions: avionrewards.com/terms-and-conditions. Please allow up to ninety (90) days from the date the transaction is posted on your credit card statement for the bonus points to be deposited into your Avion Rewards account. Each time you use your linked Eligible RBC Card to pay for qualifying purchases at a retail Petro-Canada location, you will earn a bonus of twenty percent (20%) more Petro-Points than you normally earn, in accordance with the Petro-Points terms and conditions available at petro-points.com/terms. The collection of Petro-Points excludes taxes on non-petroleum purchases, tobacco, vaping products, gift cards and transit tickets.

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        18

                                    

                                    

                                        For full details on Visa Infinite, visit www.visainfinite.ca. You must be an eligible Visa Infinite cardholder with a valid Visa Infinite card to take advantage of the Visa Infinite offers, benefits and services. Certain benefits and services require enrolment. Offers and benefits are non-transferable and discounts cannot be combined with any other offer or discount. Neither Visa nor Royal Bank of Canada is responsible for any claims or damages arising from use of any benefits or services provided by a third party. Visa reserves the right to modify or cancel offers, benefits and services at any time and without notice. All offers, benefits and services made available through Visa are subject to complete terms and conditions, including third party suppliers’ terms and conditions. The Visa Infinite privacy policy applies to all benefits and services that require enrolment through, or are otherwise provided by, the Visa Infinite Business Concierge or the Visa Infinite website. The collection, use and disclosure of cardholders’ personal information by third party suppliers of services and benefits to Visa Infinite cardholders are subject to such third parties’ own privacy policies.

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        19

                                    

                                    

                                        RBC Mobile is operated by Royal Bank of Canada, RBC Direct Investing Inc. and RBC Dominion Securities Inc.

                                    

                                



                                

                                    

                                        20

                                    

                                    

                                       

                                            To receive a complimentary DashPass subscription for $0 delivery fees on orders of $15 or more at eligible restaurants when you pay with your Eligible RBC Credit Card, you must subscribe to DashPass by adding an Eligible RBC Credit Card, accept the DoorDash terms and conditions, and activate your benefit by clicking “Activate Free DashPass” before November 16, 2028 (“Offer Period”). If you are an existing DashPass subscriber and have already added an Eligible RBC Credit Card to your account you must activate your benefit by clicking “Activate Free DashPass” during the Offer Period. If you have been charged for DashPass you will receive a refund to the method of original payment, in the amount of the monthly subscription fee for the month you activate your complimentary subscription. For all clients, by clicking on “Activate Free DashPass” you agree to the DoorDash terms and conditions which can be found at https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/terms-and-conditions .

                                            

                                            Eligible RBC Credit cardholders include primary cardholders, co-applicants, authorized users, primary business cardholders and secondary business cardholders on an Eligible RBC Credit Card account.

                                            

                                            The DashPass monthly subscription fee will be waived (“Complimentary DashPass Subscription”) and you will receive either a 6 months or 12 months Complimentary DashPass Subscription based on the Eligible RBC Credit Card you use to subscribe to DashPass.

                                            

                                            DashPass subscriptions purchased through third parties, including third-party payment accounts, or online or mobile digital wallets (like Apply Pay and Google Pay) are not eligible for the Complimentary DashPass Subscription.

                                            

                                            Eligible RBC Credit Cards: Your Eligible RBC Credit Card may only be used with one DoorDash account to receive a Complimentary DashPass Subscription. Once you have received a Complimentary DashPass Subscription you cannot use the same eligible RBC Credit Card to obtain a Complimentary DashPass Subscription with another DoorDash account.

                                            

                                            You are only eligible for one 12 month Complimentary DashPass Subscription and one 6 months Complimentary DashPass Subscription during the Offer Period. The Complimentary DashPass Subscription commences on the date you subscribe to receive the Complimentary DashPass Subscription. For example, if you subscribe to a 12 month Complimentary DashPass Subscription in on the last day of your second month of a 6 months Complimentary DashPass Subscription you will receive a total of 14 months of Complimentary DashPass Subscription. 

                                            

                                            In order to validate your credit card as an Eligible RBC Credit Card, Royal Bank may need to administer a $0.50 charge to validate your card enrollment. This charge will be reversed in 3 to 5 days once your account has been validated.

                                            

                                            12 Month Complimentary DashPass Subscription is available for the following Eligible RBC Credit Cards:

                                            

                                            As an RBC Avion Visa Platinum, RBC Avion Visa Infinite , RBC Avion Visa Infinite Privilege, RBC Avion Visa Infinite Privilege for Private Banking, WestJet RBC World Elite Mastercard, Avion Rewards Visa Preferred, RBC Cash Back Preferred World Elite Mastercard, RBC Cathay Pacific Visa Platinum, RBC British Airways Visa Infinite, RBC Avion Visa Business, RBC Avion Visa Infinite Business cardholder.

                                            

                                            You are eligible for a Complimentary DashPass Subscription for 12 months from the date you subscribe to receive the Complimentary DashPass Subscription. You will be auto-enrolled into full-price membership at the then-current rate after the end of the 12 month Complimentary DashPass Subscription. Your RBC credit card account must be open and not in default to maintain the benefits of DashPass.

                                            

                                            6 Months Complimentary DashPass Subscription is available for the following Eligible RBC Credit Cards: 

                                            

                                            As an Avion Rewards+ Visa, Signature Avion Rewards Visa, RBC Visa Platinum, RBC Visa Cash Back, RBC Cash Back Mastercard, RBC Visa Classic Low Rate Option, RBC Visa Classic, RBC Student Visa Classic, RBC Visa Classic II Student, RBC Visa Gold, RBC U.S. Dollar Visa Gold, Avion Rewards Visa Gold, RBC RateAdvantage Visa, WestJet RBC Mastercard, RBC Visa Business, RBC Visa Business Gold, RBC Visa CreditLine for Small Business, or RBC Business Cash Back Mastercard.

                                            

                                            You are eligible for a Complimentary DashPass Subscription for 6 months from the date you subscribed to the Complimentary DashPass Subscription. You will be auto-enrolled into full-price membership at the then-current rate after the end of the 6 months Complimentary DashPass Subscription. Your RBC credit card account must be open and not in default to maintain the benefits of DashPass.

                                            

                                            DoorDash not Royal Bank of Canada, is responsible for (i) services and products provided through DoorDash; (ii) DashPass, including the DashPass Benefits, the administration of DashPass and (iii) the DoorDash terms and conditions. The Complimentary DashPass Subscription offer may be amended or withdrawn at any time. To learn more about DashPass, visit www.doordash.com/dashpass (opens to external site). For full DashPass for RBC Program Terms and Conditions, visit rbcroyalbank.com/credit-cards/documentation/pdf/full-doordash-tcs-en.pdf.

                                        

                                    

                                



                                

                                    

                                        21

                                    

                                    

                                        DashPass is a DoorDash subscription service that offers unlimited deliveries for $0 delivery fee on eligible restaurant purchases (minimum order amount of $15.00 CAD before taxes and fees) at a monthly subscription fee of $9.99 CAD plus tax. To learn more about DashPass visit www.doordash.com/dashpass (opens to external site).

                                    

                                



                                

                                    

                                        22

                                    

                                    

                                        The discount rate of up to 20% on the base rate only (time and mileage charges) (“Discount”) is available at participating Hertz corporate locations in Canada and the U.S and excludes taxes, tax reimbursements, fees, surcharges and optional service charges, such as refueling. For personal credit cards, you must enter the first 6-digits of your eligible RBC Avion credit card in the CDP ID # field when making a booking through the Hertz website to receive the Discount. For business and commercial credit cards, a CDP ID # will be generated upon enrollment in the Hertz Business Rewards program. Please use this CDP ID # for future bookings to take advantage of the Discount and business rewards program benefits. In order for all your colleagues and employees within your organization to receive the Discount, they must use the Hertz Business Rewards CDP ID # when making a booking with Hertz. Hertz, not Royal Bank of Canada, is responsible for the sales and returns terms and conditions applicable to your Discount. For complete terms and conditions please visit: hertz.ca (opens to external site). Royal Bank of Canada reserves the right to cancel, modify or withdraw this offer at any time, even after you have activated it. For more details on the Avion Rewards program, please visit avionrewards.com (opens new window).

                                    

                                



                                

                                    

                                        23

                                    

                                    

                                        This offer is not transferable to people outside your organization, but you may share it with your colleagues and employees within your organization. To earn 3X the Avion points you normally earn (“Bonus Points”) for every one dollar ($1.00) in purchases, including taxes, you make at any corporately owned Hertz location in Canada, U.S., UK, Germany, Italy, Switzerland, Netherlands, Belgium, Spain, Australia and Luxembourg, beginning February 7th, 2020 to February 7th, 2023 (“Offer Period”), click the “Load Offer” button in RBC Offers and pay using your RBC Avion Visa Infinite Business card (“Eligible RBC Business Rewards Card”) (“Qualifying Purchase”). Franchised Hertz locations are not eligible for this offer. If your Eligible RBC Business Rewards card changes, you must load this offer again. If you cancel your credit card, you will not be eligible for the Discount (defined above) or Bonus Points. Please allow up to 30 days from the date of your Qualifying Purchase, provided your credit card account was in good standing at that time, for the Bonus Points to appear on the account statement tied to your Eligible Avion Rewards Card. Cancellations or price adjustments may cancel or reduce the Avion points earned on your Qualifying Purchase, including Bonus Points. Offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotion, certificate, voucher or other discount. Hertz, not Royal Bank of Canada, is responsible for the sales and returns terms and conditions applicable to your Qualifying Purchase(s). For complete terms and conditions please visit: hertz.ca/RBCBusiness (opens to external site). Royal Bank of Canada reserves the right to cancel, modify or withdraw this offer at any time, even after you have activated it. For more details on the RBC Offers program, please visit rbc.com/offers (opens new window).

                                    

                                



                                

                                    

                                        24

                                    

                                    

                                        To be eligible for the RBC Avion Visa Infinite Business credit card, you must meet one of the following minimum requirements. You must declare: (i)a minimum annual personal income of $60,000, a minimum annual household income of $100,000, a minimum annual business sales revenue of $500,000, minimum assets under management of $250,000 or more, or (ii) a current annual credit card spend of $30,000 or more. If you do not meet at least one of these minimum requirements or do not qualify for any other reason, Royal Bank of Canada may consider your application for the RBC Avion Visa Business credit card. For complete details on the features of the RBC Avion Visa Infinite Business credit card, please visit rbc.com/avib or call 1-855-936-1182. For complete details on the features of the RBC Avion Visa Business card, please visit rbc.com/businessavion or call 1-855-936-1182.

                                    

                                

                            

                        

                    

                

            

            open iframe