Credit Cards
                
            
            
        

        

        
    
        
            
                
                    Visa
                
            
            
        

        

        
    
        
            
                
                    Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite Card
                
            
            
        

        

        
    


    




    
    
    
    
        
        
    
        
            
                
    

    

        
            






            
        
    
    
    


    


                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Scotiabank Passport® Visa Infinite* Card

    

                
    

                


    
    
        



    
    

    Special offer
Get up to $1,500 Δ in value in the first year, including a 60,000 bonus Scene+™ point offer with minimum spend♢ and no annual fee on your first supplementary card.♢ Browse offer details



    




    
     

         
            
                
                
                    
                        About the offer
                        
                    
                    
                

                
                    

    
    
        



    
    

    To qualify for this offer, make sure to open a new Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite credit card account (“Account”) between January 2, 2026 and July 1, 2026
To qualify for the 60,000 bonus Scene+ points:

Earn 40,000 bonus Scene+ points by making at least $2,000 in everyday eligible purchases in your first 3 months.
Earn 10,000 bonus Scene+ points by making at least $10,000 in everyday eligible purchases in your first 6 months.
Plus, as a Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite cardholder, you are eligible to earn an annual 10,000 Scene+ point bonus when you spend at least $40,000 in everyday eligible purchases annually. 

Once you qualify, we’ll credit your account in 2 instalments:

40,000 bonus Scene+ points will be credited to the applicable Scene+ membership account approximately 8 weeks after the qualifying $2,000 in eligible purchases being posted to your Account within the first 3 months of Account opening.
10,000 bonus Scene+ points will be credited to the applicable Scene+ membership account approximately 8 weeks after the qualifying $10,000 in eligible purchases being posted to your Account within the first 6 months of Account opening.
Annual bonus Scene+ points will be credited to your Scene+ membership account approximately 8 weeks after you have met the $40,000 annual spend threshold. 

Note: For joint Accounts, the applicable bonus will be credited to the Scene+ account linked to the Account of the borrower that completed the last transaction to meet the qualifying amount of eligible purchases in the case of the 40,000 Point Bonus, the Additional 10,000 Point Bonus, and the Annual Point Bonus.
Individuals who are currently or were previously primary or secondary cardholders of a Scotiabank personal credit card in the past 2 years, including those that switch from an existing Scotiabank personal credit card, as well as employees of Scotiabank, are not eligible for the 40,000 and Additional 10,000 bonus points offers. All cardholders remain eligible to earn the annual Scene+ point bonus with an annual spend of at least $40,000.
See terms and conditions below♢ for full details.



    



    


    

    

                  
                

                
                
            
        

    


    


    

    



                
    
        
        
    
        
    
    
        Apply now
        
    
    

    
        
    
    
        See if it’s right for you
        
    
    

    

    

            
        
    


    



    
    




    
    
        
        

        

        

                
            
        
    
        

            
                
                    Your card at a glance 1,4

                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            

            

                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
                    Annual fee
                    
    
                        
                            $150
                             / year
                        
    
                        
                        
                    
                
                    Waived with an eligible bank account
                
                    
                    
                    
    
                    
                     
                        
                            
                                
                            
                        
    
                        
                            If you have an Ultimate Package chequing account, we’ll waive the ongoing annual fee for your Scotiabank Passport® Visa Infinite* Card.2
If you have a Preferred Package chequing account, we’ll waive the first year annual fee on a Scotiabank Passport® Visa Infinite* Card.3

                        
                        
                    
                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
                    Minimum credit limit
                    
    
                        
    
                        
                            $5,000
                        
                        
                    
                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
                    Purchase interest rate
                    
    
                        
    
                        
                        
                            20.99% 
                    
                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
                    Cash advance rate
                    
    
                        
    
                        
                        
                            22.99% 
                    
                    
                    
                    
    
                    
                     
                        
                            
                                
                            
                        
    
                        
                            Your cash advance rate applies to cash advances, balance transfers, and cash-like transactions.

                        
                        
                    
                
                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
                    Supplementary cards
                    
    
                        
                            $0
                             / year  for the first card
                        
    
                        
                        
                    
                
                    $50/year for each additional card
                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
                    You can apply if: You have a minimum income of $60,000 per year, a minimum household income of $100,000, or a minimum of $250,000 assets under management.

                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
        
    


        

        

        

    




    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
            
                
                    
                        Card
                    
                    
                        highlights
                    
                
                
            
            
        
        
            
                
    
        
            
                
    

                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        No foreign transaction fees5

    

                
    

                
                
    

            
        
    


    


    
        
            
                
    

                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Get six complimentary airport lounge passes6

    

                
    

                
                
    

            
        
    


    


    
        
            
                
    

                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Enjoy peace of mind with travel insurance7

    

                
    

                
                
    

            
        
    


    


                    
    
        
            
                
    

                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        No foreign transaction fees5

    

                
    

                
                
    

            
        
    


    



    
        
            
                
    

                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Get six complimentary airport lounge passes6

    

                
    

                
                
    

            
        
    


    



    
        
            
                
    

                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Enjoy peace of mind with travel insurance7

    

                
    

                
                
    

            
        
    


    



                    
                
    
        
            
                
    

                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        No foreign transaction fees5

    

                
    

                
                
    

            
        
    


    


    
        
            
                
    

                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Get six complimentary airport lounge passes6

    

                
    

                
                
    

            
        
    


    


    
        
            
                
    

                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Enjoy peace of mind with travel insurance7

    

                
    

                
                
    

            
        
    


    


            
            
                
                    
                
                
                
                    
                
            

            
            
        
    



    
    




    
    
    
    
        
        
    
        
            
                
                    
                        
                            
    
        Built-in
    


    




                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
    
        benefits
    


    




                        
                    
                
                
            
            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
        
            Travel
        
    
        
        
            Everyday
        
    
        
        
            Visa
        
    
        
        
            Insurance
        
    

    
    
        
            
                Expand all
                
            
            
                Collapse all
                
            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                
                    Enjoy airport lounge access
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    Access over 1,200 airport lounges, including 6 complimentary lounge visits.6 Learn about the Visa Airport Companion Program.opens in a new tab



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Enjoy global connectivity with Visa and Gigsky
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    Enjoy 1 GB of complimentary data from GigSky every year. It’s valid for up to 15 consecutive days of travel. Plus, get 20% off future purchases with your Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite Card.16



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Earn Scene+ points on travel purchases
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    Earn 1 Scene+ point for every $1 you spend on eligible travel purchases.19

Plus, earn an extra 3 Scene+ points for every $1 you spend on hotels and car rentals when you book through Scene+ Travel, Powered by Expedia.8



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Apply Scene+ points to travel
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    With Scene+, you have the flexibility to use your points towards travel purchases, the way you want.
 
To apply points to travel9:

Use your Scotiabank Passport® Visa Infinite* Card to book your vacation with your favourite travel provider
Wait for the purchase to be posted to your card
Sign into sceneplus.caopens in a new tab and select Apply Points to Travel to redeem your points to cover the full or partial travel cost
You can redeem points to cover your travel costs within 12 months from the date of your travel purchase

Or, to book with Scene+ Travel, Powered by Expedia8: 

Sign into sceneplus.caopens in a new tab
Use Scene+ Travel, Powered by Expedia to plan your trip
Fully or partially redeem your points on flights, car rentals, and hotels




    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Save on car rentals
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    With a complimentary Avis®* Preferred Plus membership10 you get:

Complimentary car upgrades, whenever available
Access to a dedicated Avis®* Preferred Plus phone number for reservations and customer service
A 5-25% discount on select retail rates in Canada and the US 




    



    

    




    
        
            
                Expand all
                
            
            
                Collapse all
                
            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                
                    No foreign transaction fees
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    Shop online or abroad without the typical 2.5% foreign transaction fee on purchases made in a foreign currency. Just the exchange rate applies.5



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Annual points bonus
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    Each year, earn 10,000 bonus Scene+ points when you spend $40,000 on your Scotiabank Passport® Visa Infinite* Card.
 
After that, you'll earn an extra 2,000 points for every additional $10,000 you spend in that year.



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Buy now and pay over time with Scotia SelectPayᵀᴹ*
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    A flexible way to pay off your eligible Scotiabank credit card purchases of $100 or more, with low interest rates on your plan and no installment plan fee.11
 
Learn about Scotia SelectPay.



    



    

    





    
    
    
    
        
        
    
        
            
                Expand all
                
            
            
                Collapse all
                
            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                
                    World-class concierge services
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    Need help with travel, dining, or events? The concierge is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.12



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Explore the Visa Infinite Luxury Hotel Collection
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    Get access to over 900 luxury properties around the world, hand-selected for Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite cardholders.13



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Exclusive culinary experiences
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    With the Visa Infinite Dining Series14, you’ll enjoy multi-course meals with expertly paired wines, prepared by some of the biggest names in the industry



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Enjoy a special taste of wine country
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    Be treated to unforgettable wine country benefits in-person and online at over 60 participating wineries in British Columbia and Ontario. Enjoy complimentary tastings and tours plus special discounts on wine purchases.15



    



    

    




    To explore these benefits and more visit visa.ca/infiniteopens in a new tab.17



    



    
    




    
        
            
                Expand all
                
            
            
                Collapse all
                
            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                
                    Travel Emergency Medical Insurance
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    Receive up to $2 million CAD in emergency medical coverage for you, your spouse, and your eligible dependent children.7
 
Certificate of insuranceopens in a new tab



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Trip Cancellation and Trip Interruption Insurance
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    Protect your trip with cancellation and interruption insurance when you charge at least 75% of your trip costs to your card.7
 
For trip cancellation, you, your spouse, and your dependent children are eligible for up to $1,500 per person for travel expenses. This includes a maximum of $10,000 per trip.7
 
For trip interruption, you, your spouse, and your dependent children are eligible for up to $2,500 per person for travel expenses. This includes a maximum of $10,000 per trip.7
 
Certificate of insuranceopens in a new tab



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Flight Delay Insurance
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    If you charge at least 75% of your ticket to your card, you’re eligible for reimbursement of necessary expenses if your flight is delayed up to $500 per insured person on the same trip.7
 
Certificate of insuranceopens in a new tab



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Delayed & Lost Luggage Insurance
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    If your checked luggage is delayed or lost, you’re covered up to $1,000 if you charged the full cost of your travel ticket to your card.7
 
Certificate of insuranceopens in a new tab



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Rental Car Collision/Loss Damage Insurance
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    If your eligible rental car is damaged or stolen, you’re automatically insured if you’ve charged the full cost of it to your card.7
 
Certificate of insuranceopens in a new tab



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Hotel/Motel Burglary Insurance
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    When you use your card to pay for your stay at any hotel or motel around the world, you, your spouse, and your dependent children are eligible for coverage up to $1,000 against theft if your room is broken into.7
 
Certificate of insuranceopens in a new tab



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Common Carrier Travel Accident Insurance
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    When you charge at least 75% of your trip to your card, you’re insured against accidental loss of life or dismemberment up to $500,000 per insured person and up to $1,000,000 for the trip.7
 
Certificate of insuranceopens in a new tab



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Purchase Security and Extended Warranty
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    Most of the new items you buy with your card are insured against theft, loss, or damage for 90 days from the purchase date.7
 
When you charge the full cost of most items to your card, extended warranty coverage can double the original manufacturer’s warranty for up to one year.7
 
Certificate of insuranceopens in a new tab



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Scotia Credit Card Protection (optional)
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    This insurance helps protect your finances by helping cover your balance or monthly payments during unexpected life events, such as 18:

Death
Critical Illness
Hospitalization
Disability
Job Loss
Strike or Lockout 

There are two different coverage bundles to choose from18: 
 
Basic Protection


Life Benefit
Critical Illness Benefit  
Hospitalization Benefit 

Comprehensive Protection


Life Benefit
Critical Illness Benefit
Hospitalization Benefit
Disability Benefit
Job Loss Benefit
Strike or Lockout Benefit

Learn more



    



    

    




    
    



    
    



            
        
    



    



    
        
            
            
                

    
    
    
    
        
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    


    
        Scene+ points
    


    





    
        on every transaction
    


    





    
    


            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
        
            Earn
        
    
        
        
            Redeem
        
    

    

    
    
    
    
        
        

    Earn Scene+ points for every $1 you spend on eligible purchases.19



    



  

    
    

      
      
          
              
                  
    
        
    
        
            Up to 4 points

        
    

    
        
    
        
            Earn 1 Scene+ point for every $1 you spend on eligible travel purchases.19. 
Plus, earn an extra 3 Scene+ points for every $1 you spend on hotels and car rentals when you book through Scene+ Travel, Powered by Expedia.8. 

        
    

    

              
                  
    
        
    
        
            3 points

        
    

    
        
    
        
            At Sobeys, Safeway, Foodland, participating IGA and co-ops, and more.    

        
    

    

              
                  
    
        
    
        
            2 points

        
    

    
        
    
        
            On dining out and other eligible grocery stores.     

        
    

    

              
                  
    
        
    
        
            2 points

        
    

    
        
    
        
            On eligible entertainment purchases. Includes movies, theatre, and ticket agencies.     

        
    

    

              
                  
    
        
    
        
            2 points

        
    

    
        
    
        
            On eligible transit options, including rideshare, buses, taxis, subways, and more.    

        
    

    

              
                  
    
        
    
        
            1 point

        
    

    
        
    
        
            On all other eligible purchases.   

        
    

    

              
          
      

    
    


  


    





    Earn extra points with Scene+ rewards partners when you show your Scene+ membership card.
 
Calculate your rewards



    



    
    





    
    
    
    
        
        

    Redeem your points, your way. Visit the Scene+ hub to explore all the ways to redeem or check out a few examples here:



    



  

    
    

      
      
          
              
                  
    
        
    
        
            1,000 points

        
    

    
        
    
        
            $10 off Cineplex movie tickets

        
    

    

              
                  
    
        
    
        
            3,000 points

        
    

    
        
    
        
            $20 account credit on eligible accounts

        
    

    

              
                  
    
        
    
        
            5,000 points

        
    

    
        
    
        
            $50 off at Home Hardware

        
    

    

              
                  
    
        
    
        
            10,000 points

        
    

    
        
    
        
            $100 off at eligible grocery stores

        
    

    

              
                  
    
        
    
        
            20,000 points

        
    

    
        
    
        
            $200 off travel with Scene+ Travel, Powered by Expedia and Apply Points to Travel

        
    

    

              
          
      

    
    


  


    





    



    Some redemptions require a minimum number of points. Learn moreopens in a new tab.
 
Calculate your rewards



    



    
    




    
    



    
    



            
        
    



    




    
     

         
            
                
                
                    
                        Your award-winning credit card
                        
                    
                    
                

                
                    

    
    
        



    
    
    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    Winner of the 2025 Canada’s Choice RWRDS.ca Top Overall Travel Rewards Card±



    


    


    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    Winner of the 2025 Canada's Choice RWRDS.ca Top No Foreign Transaction Fee Credit Card±



    


    


    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    Winner of the 2025 Rewards Canada Top No Foreign Transaction Fees Credit Card±



    


    


    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    Winner of the 2025 milesopedia Best Credit Card for No FX*±



    


    


    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    Winner of the 2024 Canada's Choice RWRDS.ca Top No Foreign Transaction Fee Credit Card



    


    


    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    Winner of the 2024 milesopedia Best Credit Card for No FX



    


    


    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    Winner of the 2022 Rewards Canada Top No Foreign Transaction Fees Credit Card



    


    


    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    Winner of the 2022 MoneySense Best Points Card with No Foreign Transaction Fees



    


    


    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    Winner of the 2021 RateHub Best No Foreign Transaction Fee Credit Card



    


    


    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    Winner of the 2021 MoneySense Best Rewards Card with No Foreign Transaction Fees



    


    


    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    Winner of the 2020 MoneySense Best Travel Points Card with No Foreign Transaction Fees



    


    


    


    

    

                  
                

                
                
            
        

    


    
        
            
                
                    
                        
                            
    
                        Your award-winning    
    


    




                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
    
        credit card
    


    




                        
                    
                
                
                    

    Leading publishers like milesopedia and Rewards Canada agree that the Scotiabank Passport® Visa Infinite* Card is a winner. Browse all awards.



    


                
            
            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                

    
    
    
    
        
        

    

        
            






            
        
    
    
    


    



    

        
            






            
        
    
    
    


    



    

        
            






            
        
    
    
    


    


    
    



            
        
    



    



    
        
            
                
                    
                        
                            
    
        Frequently asked
    


    




                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
    
        questions
    


    




                        
                    
                
                
                    


    


                
            
            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                

    
    
    
    
        
        
    
        
            
                Expand all
                
            
            
                Collapse all
                
            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                
                    Which credit cards give me access to airport lounges?
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    The Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite, Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite Privilege, and Scotiabank American Express Platinum cards give you access to airport lounges.

The Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite card gives primary cardholders a complimentary membership in the Visa Airport Companion Program, plus six complimentary lounge visits per year from the date of enrollment. The Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite Privilege card gives the primary and each additional cardholder a complimentary membership in the Visa Airport Companion Program, plus ten complimentary lounge visits per year from the date of enrollment. This program is powered by DragonPass, and provides access to 1,200+ airport lounges globally, including participating Plaza Premium Lounges. These lounge visits are eligible for the primary cardholder and a travel companion.
 
Scotiabank American Express Platinum cardholders can visit lounges in more than 100 countries and 300 cities worldwide. Primary cardholders get a complimentary membership to Priority Pass, plus 10 free visits per year from the date of enrollment. Supplementary cardholders get a Priority Pass membership and 4 free visits per year.



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    How do I use my credit card to enter an airport lounge?
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    To enter an airport lounge with a Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite or Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite Privilege card, you first need to sign up for the Visa Airport Companion Program (powered by DragonPass). Once you sign up, a Membership ID linked to your card will be created under the DragonPass Membership Profile. To find out more about the Visa Airport Companion Program and other benefits offered with these cards, visit us online at Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite Card or Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite Privilege Card.

To enter lounges accessible through Priority Pass with your American Express Platinum card, show your Priority Pass membership card (physical or digital) and present your credit card to access the Plaza Premium lounges. To find out more about the Priority Pass Access Lounge Program and other benefits offered with the Scotiabank American Express Platinum Card, visit us online at Scotiabank Platinum American Express® Card.



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    If I miss my cruise, flight, or hotel reservation, can I dispute the charges?
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    If the merchant was willing and able to provide the cruise, flight, or hotel stay, they are entitled to be paid. We encourage you to work with them directly to find a solution.

If you missed your cruise departure due to a cancelled flight that the cruise merchant was responsible for arranging, please contact us so we can look into it for you.
 
Learn what’s eligible for a dispute here.



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    How do I activate my card?
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    To activate a Visa or American Express card:

Activate online: follow the steps on our online activation page
Make an in-store purchase: insert your card and enter your PIN (check the sticker on your card for eligibility)

For Mastercard:

Activate on the phone: call 1-866-583-6289

Once activated, you can use your card right away.



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    How do I add a supplementary card?
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    To add a supplementary card to your credit card account:

From your Accounts page, select your credit card account
Select Additional Services
Select Add Supplementary Cards and follow the instructions




    



    

    




    Browse more FAQs



    



    
    



            
        
    



    



    
        
            
                
                    
                        
                            
    
        Ready to apply?
    


    




                        
                    
                    
                
                
                    

    We’ll ask a few quick questions including ones about your job, your yearly income, and where you live.



    


                
            
            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                

    
    
    
    
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                    
    
    
        
            
                
    

    
        
    
    
    


    



                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Open an account

    

                
    This will take about 15 minutes.


                
                
    
        
    
        
        Apply now
    

        
    

            
        
    


    



                
                    
                    
    
    
        
            
                
    

    
        
    
    
    


    



                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Speak to an advisor

    

                
    We’re here to help.


                
                
    
        
    
        
        Book an appointment
    

        
    

            
        
    


    



                
            

            

            
            
        
    


    



    
    



            
        
    



    



    
        
            
                
                    
                        
                            
    
        Not sure if this is right for you?
    


    




                        
                    
                    
                
                
            
            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                

    
    
    
    
        
        

    This card might not be right if you:



    




    
    
        
        

        

        

        

        

                
            
    
    
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
                
Will carry an outstanding balance for a long period of time or use it for debt consolidation
Rarely travel, rarely make foreign currency purchases, or rarely need travel insurance coverage
Prefer cash back rewards
Prefer not to pay an annual fee 


            
        
    


        

    




    



    
    



            
        
    



    




    
        
            
                
                    
                        Explore other
                    
                    
                        credit cards
                    
                
                
            
            
        
        
            
                
    
        
            
                
    

    
        
    
    
    


    



                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Scotiabank® Scene+™ Visa* Card

    

                
    

                
                
    
        
        
    
        
    
    
    Explore this card

    

    

            
        
    


    


    
        
            
                
    

    
        
    
    
    


    



                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Scotiabank Passport® Visa Infinite Privilege* Card

    

                
    

                
                
    
        
        
    
        
    
    
    Explore this card

    

    

            
        
    


    


                    
    
        
            
                
    

    
        
    
    
    


    



                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Scotiabank® Scene+™ Visa* Card

    

                
    

                
                
    
        
        
    
        
    
    
    Explore this card

    

    

            
        
    


    



    
        
            
                
    

    
        
    
    
    


    



                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Scotiabank Passport® Visa Infinite Privilege* Card

    

                
    

                
                
    
        
        
    
        
    
    
    Explore this card

    

    

            
        
    


    



                    
                
    
        
            
                
    

    
        
    
    
    


    



                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Scotiabank® Scene+™ Visa* Card

    

                
    

                
                
    
        
        
    
        
    
    
    Explore this card

    

    

            
        
    


    


    
        
            
                
    

    
        
    
    
    


    



                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Scotiabank Passport® Visa Infinite Privilege* Card

    

                
    

                
                
    
        
        
    
        
    
    
    Explore this card

    

    

            
        
    


    


            
            
                
                    
                
                
                
                    
                
            

            
            
        
    



    
        

    
    
    
    
        
        
    
        Need more information?
    


    





    
    


        
            
                

    
    
    
    
        
        
    
        Set up your card
    


    






    Activate your card
Add card to mobile wallet
Apply for a credit limit increase
Add a supplementary card
Add Scotia Credit Card Protection



    



    
    


                

    
    
    
    
        
        
    
        Get to know your card
    


    






    Revolving credit agreement (Visa/Amex)
Credit card welcome kitopens in a new tab
Certificate of insuranceopens in a new tab

Credit card fees

Credit card interest rates
Zero liability policy, commitment, and codes
Report a lost or stolen card
Scene+ program Terms & Conditionsopens in a new tab



    



    
    


            
            
        
    


    
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        
  

   
    
    


Apply now


  

   
    
    


Extended 2


    
    



  

   
    
    
     
    





    
    



    
    
        
            
            
                
                    Terms & Conditions
                    
                
            
        
        
        
  

    
    
      
          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
      
    

      
      

    
    


  


    



        
            Plus Minus
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        ±
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            As chosen by readers of RewardsCanada.caopens in a new tab - October 2025
As awarded on January 3, 2025 by votes cast in the RewardsCanada.caopens in a new tab Canada's Choice awards.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal - Δ
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        Δ
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Savings and reward potential in first 12 months includes welcome offer value, first year point earn potential, foreign transaction fee and airport lounge savings as of November 4, 2025
$400 in travel rewards (40,000 bonus Scene+ points) for new Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite Card clients who spend $2,000 within the first 3 months
$100 in travel rewards (10,000 bonus Scene+ points) for new Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite Card clients who spend $10,000 within the first 6 months
$100 in travel rewards (10,000 bonus Scene+ points)  when you spend $40,000 annually on your Account each year (12-months: annual points bonus).
$50 supplementary card annual fee waiver on the first supplementary card for new Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite Card clients
$134 in foreign transaction fee savings based on average annual foreign spend per account over the last 24 months (save the 2.5% foreign transaction fee markup typically charged by other card issuers);
$369 in first year point earn potential (36,900 bonus Scene+ points) on everyday purchases based on average annual spend per account over the last 24 months with an average spend of 21% in 3X and 2X accelerator categories.
$364 value with a complimentary Visa Airport Companion Program Membership that includes 6 lounge passes (based on a ‘Preferential’ membership valued at approx. CAD$364/USD$259). Currency conversion as at November 3, 2025.
Potential First Year Value = up to $1,517 (rounded down to $1,500)
Actual offers, savings and rewards earned will depend on individual card usage and eligibility for applicable offers. Conditions apply.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal - ♢
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        ♢
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Offer Description and Conditions: The 50,000 Bonus Scene+ Points Offer (the “Offer”) applies only to new Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite credit card accounts (“Accounts”) that are opened between January 2, 2026 and July 1, 2026  (regardless of the date you apply for the Account) subject to the conditions below. Offer may be changed, cancelled or extended at any time without notice and cannot be combined with any other offers.   
Plus, as a Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite credit cardholder you are always eligible to earn an annual 10,000 Scene+ point bonus when you spend at least $40,000 in everyday eligible purchases annually on your Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite account. Conditions apply - see below for further details. 
50,000 Bonus Scene+ Point Offer Description and Conditions: To qualify for the 40,000 bonus Scene+ points (the “40,000 Point Bonus”), you must have at least $2,000 in eligible purchases posted to your new Account within the first 3 months of the Account open date. To qualify for an additional 10,000 bonus Scene+ points (the “Additional 10,000 Point Bonus”), you must have at least $10,000 in eligible purchases posted to your new Account in the first 6 months of the Account open date. Eligible purchases include purchases (less any refunds, returns or other similar credits) but do not include payments, cash advances (including balance transfers or cash-like transactions), interest, fees or other charges.  
10,000 Annual Bonus Scene+ Point Conditions: As a Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite credit cardholder you can earn an annual Scene+ point bonus starting at 10,000 Scene+ points (the “Annual Point Bonus”) when you make at least $40,000 in eligible purchases annually on your Account each year (12-months). Annual period starts from the Account open date and resets every 12 months thereafter. If you switch from another Scene+ eligible Credit Card to the Passport Visa Infinite Card (vs. it being opened as a new or additional Card), your original Account open date will carry over to your new Passport Infinite Card and your annual period for this offer will begin on the next anniversary of your original Account open date. For Example: If you originally opened a Scotiabank®* Gold American Express® Card on January 15, 2022, and switch that Card to the Scotiabank Passport® Visa Infinite* Card on July 15, 2025 – your annual period for the 10,000 annual Scene+ point offer will begin on January 15, 2026 (your next Anniversary) and will reset annually on January 15th afterwards. You can also earn 2,000 bonus Scene+ points for every additional $10,000 in eligible purchases thereafter in that same year, after the $40,000 annual spend has been reached. Eligible purchases include purchases (less any refunds, returns or other similar credits) but do not include payments, cash advances (including balance transfers or cash-like transactions), interest, fees or other charges. 
Point Bonus Fulfillment: The applicable point Bonus(es) will be credited within approximately 8 weeks after qualifying for a Bonus, provided the Account is open and in good standing. For Joint Accounts with a Primary Borrower and Co-borrower, the applicable point Bonus will be credited as follows: (i) the 40,000 Point Bonus, the Additional 10,000 Point Bonus, and the Annual Point Bonus will be credited to the Scene+ account linked to the Account of the borrower that completed the last transaction to meet the qualifying amount of eligible purchases (i.e., $2,000, $10,000, or $40,000) in the appropriate time frame (i.e., first 3 months, 6 months, or first 12 months). If a supplementary cardholder completes the last qualifying transaction to meet the qualifying amount of eligible purchases for the 40,000 Point Bonus, the Additional 10,000 Point Bonus, or the Annual Point Bonus, the applicable point Bonus will be credited to the Primary Borrower’s Scene+ account linked to the Account. Points can be transferred between Primary and Co-Borrower or Supplementary Cardholder’s Scene+ accounts by contacting Scene+.  The Account is considered in good standing if it is not past due or over limit and the Cardholder(s) is not in breach of the Revolving Credit Agreement that applies to the Account. All other terms and conditions of the Program Terms continue to apply during the Offer period.
Offer Eligibility and Exclusions: Individuals who are currently or were previously primary or secondary cardholders of a Scotiabank personal credit card in the past 2 years, including those that switch from an existing Scotiabank personal credit card, as well as employees of Scotiabank, are not eligible for the Offer. Subject to the above exclusions, Scotiabank small business credit cardholders are also eligible for the Offer. 

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Registered
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        ®
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Registered trademarks of The Bank of Nova Scotia.   

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Trademark Asterisk
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        TM*
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Trademark of The Bank of Nova Scotia.   

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Trademark
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        ™
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Scene+ and the Icon Design are trademarks of Scene Plus IP Corporation, used under license.   

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Asterisk
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        *
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Visa Int. / Licensed User   

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Registered Asterisk
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        ®*
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Avis Car Rental Inc
All other marks are owned by their respective owners.   

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 1
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        1
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Rates and Fees: The current annual fee is $150 for the primary card, $0 for the first additional card and $50 for each additional card thereafter (including those issued to co-borrowers and supplementary cardholders).
The current preferred annual interest rates for this Account are: 20.99% on purchases and 22.99% on cash advances (including balance transfers and cash-like transactions). All rates, fees, features and benefits are outlined in the Application Disclosure Statement and are subject to change.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 2
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        2
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            If you open an Ultimate Package account (the “Account”), on or after the date you open the Account (“Account Open Date”) you will receive an annual fee rebate of up to $150 on one Eligible Card that you hold as the primary cardholder (“Annual Fee Rebate”), for each year as long as you have one eligible Scotiabank Credit Card account (an “Eligible Card”) and the Account  which are open and in good standing. You will receive the Annual Fee Rebate, even if you opened an Eligible Card prior to the Account Open Date. Eligible Cards are the Scotiabank Gold American Express®, Scotiabank Passport® Visa Infinite*, Scotiabank Passport® Visa Infinite Privilege*, Scotia Momentum® Visa Infinite* and Scotiabank Value® Visa* credit cards. Eligible Cards are subject to change. Each Account will only receive one Annual Fee Rebate regardless of the number of accountholders on the Account or Eligible Cards held or opened. The Annual Fee Rebate will be applied to the first annual fee charged on the Eligible Card after the Account Open Date. If you are the primary cardholder of multiple Eligible Cards, the Annual Fee Rebate will be applied to the first annual fee that is charged on an Eligible Card after the Account Open Date. If your Eligible Card has an annual fee that is greater than $150, you remain responsible for any difference after the Annual Fee Rebate is applied.  All other fees and charges applicable to the Eligible Card continue to apply. Annual Fee Rebate cannot be combined with any other annual fee rebate or waiver offer. Current annual fees, rates and other features for Eligible Cards are subject to change.      

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 3
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        3
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            If you open a Preferred Package account (the “Account”), on or after the date you open the Account (the “Account Open Date”), you will receive an annual fee rebate for the first year only (the “First Year Annual Fee Rebate”) on one eligible Scotiabank Credit Card account (an “Eligible Card”) opened on or after the Account Open Date. Eligible Cards are the Scotiabank Gold American Express®, Scotiabank Passport® Visa Infinite*, Scotia Momentum® Visa Infinite* and Scotiabank Value® Visa* credit cards. Eligible Cards are subject to change. Each Account can only receive one First Year Annual Fee Rebate regardless of the number of account holders on the Account or Eligible Cards opened. The First Year Annual Fee Rebate will be applied to the first annual fee charged to one Eligible Card that you hold as the primary cardholder after the Account Open Date. If there is more than one Eligible Card opened after the Account Open Date, the First Year Annual Fee Rebate will be applied only to the first annual fee charged to one Eligible Card that you hold as the primary cardholder after the Account Open Date. This First Year Annual Fee Rebate is only available for new Eligible Cards opened on or after the Account Open Date. Current or previous cardholders of an Eligible Card or cardholders that transfer to an Eligible Card on or after the Account Open Date will not receive the First Year Annual Fee Rebate. All other fees and charges applicable to the Eligible Card continue to apply. First Year Annual Fee Rebate will not be applied if the Account or Eligible Card is not open or is not in good standing and cannot be combined with any other annual fee rebate offer. Current annual fees, rates and other features for Eligible Cards are subject to change.     

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 4
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        4
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            The primary cardmember and/or co-borrower are liable for all charges incurred on the Scotiabank credit card account by any supplementary card issued in connection with the account.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 5
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        5
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            We will not charge you Foreign Transaction Fees on foreign currency transactions, including purchases, only the exchange rate applies. The term “Foreign Transaction Fees” is a substitute for “Foreign Currency Conversion” as described in the Disclosure Statement you received with your Card. This fee relates to the 2.5% mark-up that is typically charged by credit card issuers in addition to the exchange rate. See the Foreign Currency Conversion section of the Disclosure Statement for this Card for full details. Rates and fees are subject to change.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 6
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        6
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Primary Cardholders with a valid Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite Card account (the “Account”) have access to participating lounges within the Visa Airport Companion Program (“Program”), hosted and managed by DragonPass International Ltd. Cardholders must enroll for this benefit either through the Visa Airport Companion App (available to download for free) or on the Program Website (visaairportcompanion.ca) using a valid Card on the Account. Upon enrollment, 6 complimentary lounge visits will be available for the Primary Cardholder per membership year; the complimentary visits can be used by any Cardholder for themselves and for their accompanying guests at participating lounges (however, Primary Cardholder must be present for each such use). Lounge visits are counted on a per person per visit basis (e.g. lounge access by a Cardholder and one accompanying guest will count as two (2) visits). All additional visits beyond complimentary visits are subject to a fee of $32 USD (subject to change) per person per visit. Applicable lounge access fees will be charged to the Card connected to the Cardholders’ Program membership (i.e. the Card enrolled in Program). 
To view a full list of participating airport lounges, their facilities, opening times and restrictions Cardholders can visit the Program App and Website. To view the full Terms and Conditions for the Program, including DragonPass Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and Visa’s Privacy Policy that apply to the Program, visit the Visa Airport Companion Program App or Website. 
The Program services and benefits are provided by DragonPass and applicable third party offer providers and neither Visa nor The Bank of Nova Scotia is responsible for the Program or any claims or damages arising from participation in the Program.
Unless the Program membership is suspended or cancelled, the Program membership and any included complimentary lounge visits (if applicable) will automatically renew annually on the anniversary date (based on date when the Cardholder enrolled for the Program). Program membership will be cancelled if your Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite Card is cancelled. If your Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite Card is renewed or replaced, remember to update your card details within the Visa Airport Companion Program (either on the App or on the Program Website).
Access upon presentation of a valid and enrolled Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite Card, while available in most lounges within the Visa Airport Companion Program, is subject to availability. 

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 7
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        7
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Under all insurance coverages or services, certain limitations, restrictions and exclusions apply, including a pre-existing condition exclusion for certain benefits. Please see the Certificates of Insurance for full coverage details. Coverages are underwritten by The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company and its wholly owned subsidiary First North American Insurance Company. The Bank of Nova Scotia is not an insurer. All insurance claims must be forwarded to the insurance providers.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 8
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        8
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            The Scene+ Travel website and call center are owned and operated by Expedia Group, a third-party travel service provider (the “Scene+ Travel Partner”). To earn or redeem Points, travel must be booked through the Scene+ Travel website or Scene+ Travel call centre. Travel booked via the Scene+ Travel call centre may be subject to a booking fee. Prices are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise specified. Prices and points requirement are available on the website, and subject to change.  The Scene+ Travel Partner may impose terms and conditions that supplement the ‘Additional Terms and Conditions for Scene+ Travel’ included in the Scene+ Program Terms and Conditions. Scene LP and its owners are not responsible for the products and services made available to you by third parties.   
Earning Scene+ Points for Scene+ Travel purchases: Scene+ points are earned on eligible travel and Things to Do purchased through Scene+ Travel website or call centre (collectively “Scene+ Travel)”. Scene+ Points are earned on the total value of Things to do, hotel or car rental booking purchases (including taxes and fees) made through Scene+ Travel regardless of the payment method used for the purchase (Scene+ points redemption and/or payment card purchases). Points earned will be added to your Scene+ account within six weeks from the completion of your travel itinerary.  
Paying for your eligible Scene+ Travel purchase: Points may be redeemed for the entire amount of the things to do, flight, hotel or car rental booking purchases (including taxes and fees), or redeemed in part with the remaining balance paid by an available payment card. Additional Scene+ Travel Program Terms and Conditions. Click here for details.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 9
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        9
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Apply Points to Travel redemptions are only permitted towards an eligible travel purchase charged to a Scotiabank credit card or debit card that earns Scene+ Points. Redemptions must be requested through sceneplus.ca or the Scene+ app within 12 months of the travel purchase transaction date. For full terms and conditions, click here.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 10
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        10
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            The savings of up to 25% applies to Avis base rates and is applicable only to the time and mileage charges of the rental. All taxes, fees (including but not limited Air Conditioning Excise Recovery Fee, Concession Recovery Fee, Vehicle License Recovery Fee, Energy Recovery Fee, Tire Management Fee, and Frequent Traveler Fee) and surcharges (including but not limited to Customer Facility Charge and Environmental Fee Recovery Charge) are extra. Avis Preferred Plus membership and services are provided by a third party. The Bank of Nova Scotia and its affiliates are not responsible for Avis Preferred Plus membership and services.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 11
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        11
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Scotia SelectPay Conditions apply. Review Terms and Conditions for full details or visit scotiabank.com/selectpay to learn more.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 12
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        12
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            The goods and services cardholders request or otherwise choose to obtain through the Visa Infinite Concierge Service are provided by various third party service providers unrelated to Visa. Visa does not endorse, review or qualify these service providers. Visa makes no representations or warranties (either express or implied) about, and assumes no responsibility or liability for these service providers or the goods and services that may be obtained through the Visa Infinite Concierge. Neither Visa nor the Issuer is responsible for any claims or damages arising from use of any benefits or services provided by a third party. Visa cannot guarantee the successful fulfillment of cardholders’ requests in all instances. There is no fee for the Concierge’s services, however cardholders are responsible for the cost of any goods or services (including any related fees or costs) authorized by the cardholder and purchased by the Visa Infinite Concierge on the cardholder’s behalf. All costs will be charged directly to the cardholder’s Visa Infinite card.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 13
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        13
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Cardholders must use their eligible Canadian-issued Visa Infinite card to reserve and pay for their hotel stay through the Visa Infinite Luxury Hotel Collection website or Visa Infinite Concierge to receive Visa premium card benefits. Visa reserves the right to modify or cancel this offer at any time and without notice. The Visa Infinite Luxury Hotel Collection benefits and services are provided by the individual hotels or their operators and suppliers; neither Visa nor the Issuer is responsible for any claims or damages arising from use of the Visa Infinite Luxury Hotel Collection. For full program terms and conditions, please visit: https://www.visainfiniteluxuryhotels.ca/about/benefitsopens in a new tab or https://www.visa.ca/en_CA/pay-with-visa/cards/credit-cards/infinite/terms-and-conditions.htmlopens in a new tab.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 14
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        14
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Visa Infinite Dining Series offers are available to Visa Infinite and Visa Infinite Privilege cardholders. Limit of 6 tickets per cardholder, and tickets are subject to availability. Purchased tickets must be cancelled more than 4 days before the event date for standard events, and 10 days before the event date for Prix Fixe Experiences - otherwise purchases are non-refundable. Events may be modified or cancelled, by Visa, in whole or in part at any time, for any reason, without prior notice or liability to any person. Advertised chefs and sommeliers may change without notice. Seating requests and special dietary restrictions and allergies will be considered when requested at booking, but cannot always be accommodated. Venues are not conducive to young children. Please drink responsibly. Visit visa.ca/infiniteopens in a new tab for full details and terms. Cardholders will be informed at least seven business days prior to an event of any change, postponement or cancellation. In the event of a cancellation, cardholders will receive a full refund. Cardholders must follow all provincial guidelines and cooperate with restaurant policies. In the event a guest fails to comply with provincial or restaurant policies, the restaurant and/or Visa and it’s service providers reserve the right to, without any refund or compensation, terminate such person's right to attend the event. The offers described herein are only available to Canadian Visa Infinite and Visa Infinite Privilege cardholders. The appearance by all chefs, sommeliers, and bartenders and livestream events is subject to change without notice. Offer is based on availability and additional terms and conditions may apply. Visit visa.ca/infiniteopens in a new tab for details.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 15
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        15
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Eligible Visa Infinite and Visa Infinite Privilege cardholders must be legal drinking age to participate in this benefit. Reservations are mandatory for the wineries that are flagged by a star [*] on visa.ca/infiniteopens in a new tab. Please contact the winery directly for reservations, hours of operation, blackout dates and other details. Tours, tastings, selection of merchandise, including wine, may be subject to availability. Eligible Visa Infinite and Visa Infinite Privilege card must be presented at winery and used for any program-related purchases. Wine experiences may be modified or cancelled, by Visa or wineries, in whole or in part at any time, for any reason, without prior notice or liability to any person. Please drink responsibly. Venues are not conducive to young children.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 16
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        16
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            You must be an eligible Canadian-issued Visa* Debit, Visa Classic*, Visa* Gold, Visa Platinum*, Visa* Business, Visa Infinite*, Visa Infinite Business* or Visa Infinite Privilege* cardholder (collectively the “Eligible Cards”) to take advantage of the Visa GigSky offer. To participate in the Offer, you must have an Eligible Card issued in your name, ensure your Eligible Card account is in good standing, and add the Eligible Card as the default payment method in the GigSky App. These Global Mobile Data plan options offer terms (these “Offer Terms”) apply to the offer (the “Offer”) made available to the Eligible Cards by GigSky, Inc. (“GigSky”). Any Offer Plan continues to be subject to the standard GigSky Terms of Serviceopens in a new tab.
The Offer is solely offered by GigSky, and Visa is not providing or responsible for any Offer Plans, Discounts or GigSky Products hereunder. GigSky reserves the right to terminate your Offer Plan if you no longer hold an Eligible Card or such Eligible Card is no longer in good standing. GigSky reserves the right to terminate the Offer or any Offer Plan or change the terms of the Offer or Offer Plan at any time and without notice and in its sole and absolute discretion. This Offer cannot be combined with other discounts and/or offers and is not redeemable for cash. Any taxes are the sole responsibility of the purchaser. The Offer is void where prohibited or restricted by applicable law. GigSky reserves the right to deny you participation in the Offer if GigSky suspects abuse or misuse of the Offer, in its sole discretion. You agree and acknowledge that GigSky may share your personal information with Visa and your debit or credit card issuing bank in connection with redemption of the Offer and use of an Offer Plan. For information about how we collect and use your Personal Information please see GigSky’s privacy policy at: https://www.gigsky.com/terms-and-conditions/privacy-policyopens in a new tab

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 17
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        17
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            You must be an eligible Visa Infinite cardholder with a valid Canadian issued Visa Infinite card to take advantage of the Visa Infinite benefits and services. Certain benefits and services require enrolment. Offers and benefits are non-transferable and discounts cannot be combined with any other offer or discount. Neither Visa nor the Issuer of the card is responsible for any claims or damages arising from use of any benefits or services provided by a third party. Visa reserves the right to modify or cancel offers or benefits at any time and without notice. All offers, benefits and services made available through Visa are subject to complete terms and conditions, including third party suppliers’ terms and conditions, available through the Visa Infinite Concierge at 1-888-853-4458, and as set out on visa.ca/infinite. The Visa Infinite Privacy Notice policy applies to all benefits and services that require enrolment through, or are otherwise provided by, the Visa Infinite Concierge or the Visa Infinite website or mobile app. The collection, use and disclosure of cardholders’ personal information by third party suppliers of services and benefits to Visa Infinite cardholders are subject to such third parties’ own privacy policies.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 18
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        18
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Scotia Credit Card Protection is underwritten by Chubb Life Insurance Company of Canada:  Tel: 1-800-387-7199, Option 3, or www.chubb.comopens in a new tab under a Group Policy issued to The Bank of Nova Scotia. All coverage is subject to the terms and conditions outlined in the Certificate of Insurance which you will receive upon enrolment.  

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 19
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        19
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            You are awarded three (3) Scene+ Points for every eligible $1.00 purchase made at Sobeys, Safeway, IGA, Foodland, Foodland & Participating Co-ops, FreshCo, Chalo! FreshCo, Thrifty Foods, Rachelle Béry, Les Marchés, Voilà by Sobeys, Voilà by Safeway and Voilà par IGA locations charged and posted to the Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite Account. This list of eligible grocers may be changed from time to time without notice. See full list of participating merchants across Canada at scotiabank.com/participatingstores.


You are awarded two (2) Scene+ Points for every eligible $1.00 purchase on all other grocery (not listed above), dining, entertainment, and daily transit purchases charged and posted to the Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite Account (the earn rates for each of the above categories and merchants are referred to as the “Accelerated Earn Rates”). See below for the Spend Threshold that applies to this Accelerated Earn Rate. 
 
You are awarded one (1) Scene+ Point for every $1.00 in all other purchases of goods and services charged to the Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite Account (the “Regular Earn Rate”).  
 
Spend Threshold for the Accelerated Earn Rate (Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite Accounts only):
 You will earn the Accelerated Earn Rate on the first $50,000 in purchases made on your Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite account (the “Account”) annually at the following: purchases made at merchants classified in the Visa credit card network as: Grocery Stores and Supermarkets; Eating Places and Restaurants, Drinking Places, Fast Food Restaurants; Entertainment including Motion Picture Theatres, Theatrical Producers, Ticket Agencies, Bands, Orchestras, Miscellaneous Entertainers; Railroads, Local and Suburban Commuter Passenger Transportation, including Ferries, Passenger Railways, Taxicabs and Limousines, Bus Lines, Transportation Services (Not Elsewhere Classified). Some merchants may sell other products/services or are separate merchants who are located on the premises of these merchants, but are classified by the credit card network in another manner, in which case this added benefit would not apply. The annual spend calculation for the $50,000 maximum threshold is calculated annually from January 1st to December 31st each year. You will earn 1 point per $1 on purchases made on the Account after the 3 points and 2 points per $1 / $50,000 annual spend maximum is reached and on all other purchases made on the Account. Scene+ points are only awarded on purchases. Scene+ points are not awarded for cash advances, balance transfers, payments, returns, refunds or other similar credits, fees or interest or other charges. All dollar amounts are in Canadian currency unless otherwise stated.