Credit Cards
                
            
            
        

        

        
    
        
            
                
                    American Express
                
            
            
        

        

        
    
        
            
                
                    Scotiabank Gold American Express Card
                
            
            
        

        

        
    


    




    
    
    
    
        
        
    
        
            
                
    

    

        
            






            
        
    
    
    


    


                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Scotiabank Gold American Express® Card

    

                
    

                


    
    
        



    
    

    Special offer
Earn up to $850^ in welcome offers, first year rewards and savings value, and up to 45,000 bonus Scene+ points.**  Browse offer details



    




    
     

         
            
                
                
                    
                        About the offer
                        
                    
                    
                

                
                    

    
    
    
    
        
        

    To qualify for these offers make sure to open a new Scotiabank Gold American Express credit card account (“Account”) between January 2, 2026 and July 1, 2026.
To qualify for the 45,000 bonus Scene+ points offer:

Earn 25,000 bonus Scene+ points by making at least $2,000 in everyday eligible purchases in your first 3 months.
You are eligible to earn an additional 20,000 Scene+ point bonus when you spend at least $7,500 in everyday eligible purchases in your first year. 

Once you qualify, we’ll credit your account in 2 instalments:

25,000 bonus Scene+ points will be credited to the applicable Scene+ membership account approximately 8 weeks after the qualifying $2,000 in eligible purchases being posted to your Account within the first 3 months of Account opening. 
An additional 20,000 bonus Scene+ points will be credited to the applicable Scene+ membership account approximately 8 weeks after you have met the $7,500 annual spend threshold in your Account in your first year. 

Note: For joint Accounts, the applicable bonus will be credited to the Scene+ account linked to the Account of the borrower that completed the last transaction to meet the qualifying amount of eligible purchases in the case of the 25,000 Point Bonus and the Additional 20,000 Point Bonus.
Individuals who are currently or were previously primary or secondary cardholders of a Scotiabank personal credit card in the past 2 years, including those that switch from an existing Scotiabank personal credit card, as well as employees of Scotiabank, are not eligible for this offer.
See terms and conditions below** for full details.



    



    
    


                  
                

                
                
            
        

    


    


    

    



                
    
        
        
    
        
    
    
        Apply now
        
    
    

    
        
    
    
        See if it’s right for you
        
    
    

    

    

            
        
    


    



    
    




    
    
        
        

        

        

                
            
        
    
        

            
                
                    Your card at a glance 2,3,4,14

                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            

            

                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
                    Annual fee
                    
    
                        
                            $120
                             / year
                        
    
                        
                        
                    
                
                    Waived with an eligible bank account
                
                    
                    
                    
    
                    
                     
                        
                            
                                
                            
                        
    
                        
                            Open an Ultimate Package chequing account and waive the ongoing annual fee for your Scotiabank Gold American Express Card.3
Open a Preferred Package chequing account and waive the first year annual fee on a Scotiabank Gold American Express Card.4

                        
                        
                    
                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
                    Minimum credit limit
                    
    
                        
    
                        
                            $5,000
                        
                        
                    
                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
                    Purchase interest rate
                    
    
                        
    
                        
                        
                            20.99% 
                    
                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
                    Cash advance rate
                    
    
                        
    
                        
                        
                            22.99% 
                    
                    
                    
                    
    
                    
                     
                        
                            
                                
                            
                        
    
                        
                            Your cash advance rate applies to advances, balance transfers, and cash-like transactions.

                        
                        
                    
                
                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
                    Supplementary cards
                    
    
                        
                            $29
                             / year
                        
    
                        
                        
                    
                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

                
    
                
    
                
    
                
            

            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
                
                    You can apply if: You have a minimum personal income of $12,000 per year.

                
            
                
            
                
            
                
            
        
    


        

        

        

    




    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
            
                
                    
                        Card
                    
                    
                        highlights
                    
                
                
            
            
        
        
            
                
    
        
            
                
    

                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Earn up to 6X the Scene+ points1

    

                
    

                
                
    

            
        
    


    


    
        
            
                
    

                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        No foreign transaction fees5,Δ

    

                
    

                
                
    

            
        
    


    


    
        
            
                
    

                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Skip to the Front of the Line® with Amex6

    

                
    

                
                
    

            
        
    


    


                    
    
        
            
                
    

                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Earn up to 6X the Scene+ points1

    

                
    

                
                
    

            
        
    


    



    
        
            
                
    

                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        No foreign transaction fees5,Δ

    

                
    

                
                
    

            
        
    


    



    
        
            
                
    

                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Skip to the Front of the Line® with Amex6

    

                
    

                
                
    

            
        
    


    



                    
                
    
        
            
                
    

                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Earn up to 6X the Scene+ points1

    

                
    

                
                
    

            
        
    


    


    
        
            
                
    

                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        No foreign transaction fees5,Δ

    

                
    

                
                
    

            
        
    


    


    
        
            
                
    

                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Skip to the Front of the Line® with Amex6

    

                
    

                
                
    

            
        
    


    


            
            
                
                    
                
                
                
                    
                
            

            
            
        
    



    
    




    
    
    
    
        
        
    
        
            
                
                    
                        
                            
    
        Built-in
    


    




                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
    
        benefits
    


    




                        
                    
                
                
            
            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
        
            Travel
        
    
        
        
            Everyday
        
    
        
        
            Amex
        
    
        
        
            Insurance
        
    

    
    
        
            
                Expand all
                
            
            
                Collapse all
                
            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                
                    Get airport lounge access with Priority Pass
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    As a Scotiabank Gold American Express® cardholder, you get a discount on a Priority Pass™ membership. This gets you access to over 1,200 lounges around the world.9



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Earn Scene+ points on travel purchases
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    Earn 1 Scene+ point for every $1 on eligible travel purchases.1

Plus, earn an extra 3 Scene+ points for every $1 CAD you spend in Canada on hotels and car rentals when you book through Scene+ Travel, Powered by Expedia.7



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Apply Scene+ points to travel
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    With Scene+, you have the flexibility to use your points on travel purchases, the way you want.  
 
To apply points to travel:8

Use your Scotiabank Gold American Express® Card to book your vacation with your favourite travel provider
Wait for the purchase to be posted to your card
Sign in to sceneplus.caopens in a new tab and select Apply Points to Travel to redeem your points to cover the full or partial travel cost
You can redeem points to cover your travel costs within 12 months from the date of your travel purchase 

Or, to book with Scene+ Travel, Powered by Expedia:7

Sign into sceneplus.caopens in a new tab
Use Scene+ Travel, Powered by Expedia to plan your trip
Fully or partially redeem your points on flights, car rentals, and hotels




    



    

    




    
        
            
                Expand all
                
            
            
                Collapse all
                
            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                
                    No foreign transaction fees
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    Shop online or abroad without the typical 2.5% foreign transaction fee on purchases made in a foreign currency.5 Just the exchange rate applies.



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Buy now and pay over time with Scotia SelectPay™
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    A flexible way to pay off eligible Scotiabank credit card purchases of $100 or more, with low interest rates and no installment plan fee.§



    



    

    




    
        
            
                Expand all
                
            
            
                Collapse all
                
            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                
                    Amex Experiences® 
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    With Amex Experiences, you’ll get:

Tickets and reservations to in-demand concerts, theatre productions, restaurants, and special events, often before the general public, with Front Of The Line® Presale
Access to reserved seats for Scotiabank Gold American Express® Card cardholders, even after shows are on sale to the general public, with Front Of The Line Reserved Tickets
Entertainment and event offers just for Scotiabank Gold American Express® Card cardholders

All Amex Experiences are subject to availability and must be charged to your Amex card.6



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Exclusive Amex Offers®†
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    Get exclusive offers for shopping, dining, travel, and more, just for Scotiabank Gold American Express® Card cardmembers.10



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    World-class concierge services
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    Whether you need help booking restaurant reservations or scoring tickets for a show, the concierge service is happy to help you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.11



    



    

    




    
        
            
                Expand all
                
            
            
                Collapse all
                
            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                
                    Travel Emergency Medical
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    Receive up to $1 million in emergency medical coverage for you, your spouse, and your eligible dependent children.  Coverage is provided for eligible persons under age 65 for up to 25 consecutive days, and for eligible persons age 65 and older for up to 3 consecutive days.12
 
Certificate of Insuranceopens in a new tab



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Trip Cancellation and Trip Interruption Insurance
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    Protect your trip with trip cancellation and interruption insurance when you charge at least 75% of your trip costs to your card.12
 
You, your spouse, and your dependent children are eligible for up to $1,500 per person for travel expenses (maximum of $10,000 per trip).12
 
Certificate of Insuranceopens in a new tab



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Flight Delay Insurance
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    When you charge at least 75% of your ticket to your card, you’re eligible for reimbursement of necessary expenses if your flight is delayed up to $500 per insured person on the same trip.12
 
Certificate of Insuranceopens in a new tab



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Delayed and Lost Luggage Insurance
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    If your checked luggage is delayed or lost, you may be covered up to $1,000 if you charged the full cost of your travel ticket to your card.12
 
Certificate of Insuranceopens in a new tab



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Common Carrier Travel Accident
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    When you charge at least 75% of your trip to your card, you’re insured against accidental loss of life or dismemberment up to $500,000 per insured person and up to $1,000,000 per occurrence.12
 
Certificate of Insuranceopens in a new tab



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Rental Car Collision/Loss Damage Insurance
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    If your eligible rental car is damaged or stolen, you’re automatically insured if you:

Charged the full cost of the rental to your card
Rented the vehicle in your name
Declined the rental agency’s collision damage waiver or loss damage waiver12

 
Certificate of Insuranceopens in a new tab



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Hotel/Motel Burglary Insurance
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    Get up to $1,000 in theft coverage when you use your card to pay for a hotel or motel stay in Canada or the US. The coverage applies to you, your spouse, and your dependent children.12
 
Certificate of Insuranceopens in a new tab



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Mobile Device Insurance
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    If you charge the full purchase price of your new smartphone or tablet to your Scotiabank Gold American Express® Card and activate available cellular technology with a provider or charge all of your wireless bill payments for such device to your card when you fund the purchase through a plan, you  may be covered for up to $1,000 CAD if the device is lost, stolen, or accidentally damaged.12
 
Certificate of Insuranceopens in a new tab



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Purchase Security and Extended Warranty Protection
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    Most new purchases made with your Scotiabank Gold American Express® Card are protected against theft, loss, or damage for 90 days from the purchase date.12

Plus, when you charge the full cost of most items to your Scotiabank Gold American Express® Card, extended warranty coverage may double the original manufacturer’s warranty for up to one year.12
 
Coverage is limited to the lesser of the repair cost, replacement cost, or original purchase price, and is in excess of any other insurance coverage.12
 
Items covered by a manufacturer’s warranty for repair services of five years or more must be registered within the first year of purchase.12
 
Certificate of Insuranceopens in a new tab



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    Optional Scotia Credit Card Protection (SCCP)
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    This optional insurance helps protect your finances by helping cover your balance or monthly payments during unexpected life events, such as13:

Death
Critical Illness
Hospitalization
Disability
Job Loss
Strike or Lockout 

There are two different coverage bundles to choose from13: 
  
Basic Protection 

Life Benefit
Critical Illness Benefit  
Hospitalization Benefit 

Comprehensive Protection

Life Benefit
Critical Illness Benefit
Hospitalization Benefit
Disability Benefit
Job Loss Benefit
Strike or Lockout Benefit

Learn about SCCPopens in a new tab



    



    

    




    
    



    
    



            
        
    



    



    
        
            
            
                

    
    
    
    
        
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    


    
        Scene+ points
    


    





    
        on everyday purchases
    


    





    
    


            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                

    
    
    
    
        
        

    
        
        
            Earn
        
    
        
        
            Redeem
        
    

    

    
    
    
    
        
        

    Earn Scene+ points for every $1 you spend on eligible purchases.1



    



  

    
    

      
      
          
              
                  
    
        
    
        
            6 points

        
    

    
        
    
        
            At Sobeys, Safeway, FreshCo, Foodland and more.

        
    

    

              
                  
    
        
    
        
            5 points

        
    

    
        
    
        
            On dining, food delivery, food subscriptions, and other eligible grocery stores.

        
    

    

              
                  
    
        
    
        
            5 points

        
    

    
        
    
        
            On eligible entertainment purchases. Includes movies, theatre, and ticket agencies.

        
    

    

              
                  
    
        
    
        
            Up to 4 points

        
    

    
        
    
        
            Earn 1 Scene+ point for every $1 you spend on eligible travel purchases. 
Plus, earn an extra 3 Scene+ points for every $1 you spend on hotels and car rentals when you book through Scene+ Travel, Powered by Expedia.7                      

        
    

    

              
                  
    
        
    
        
            3 points

        
    

    
        
    
        
            On eligible gas and transit options. Includes rideshare, buses, taxis, subways, and more. 

        
    

    

              
                  
    
        
    
        
            3 points 

        
    

    
        
    
        
            On eligible streaming services.

        
    

    

              
                  
    
        
    
        
            1 point

        
    

    
        
    
        
            On all other eligible purchases.  

        
    

    

              
          
      

    
    


  


    





    Earn extra points with Scene+ rewards partners when you show your Scene+ membership card.
 
Calculate your rewards



    



    
    





    
    
    
    
        
        

    Redeem your points, your way. Visit the Scene+ hub to explore all the ways to redeem or check out a few examples here:



    



  

    
    

      
      
          
              
                  
    
        
    
        
            1,000 points

        
    

    
        
    
        
            $10 off Cineplex movie tickets.  

        
    

    

              
                  
    
        
    
        
            3,000 points

        
    

    
        
    
        
            $20 account credit on eligible accounts.  

        
    

    

              
                  
    
        
    
        
            5,000 points

        
    

    
        
    
        
            $50 off at Home Hardware.  

        
    

    

              
                  
    
        
    
        
            10,000 points

        
    

    
        
    
        
            $100 off at eligible grocery stores.  

        
    

    

              
                  
    
        
    
        
            20,000 points

        
    

    
        
    
        
            $200 off travel with Scene+ Travel, Powered by Expedia and Apply Points to Travel.  

        
    

    

              
          
      

    
    


  


    





    Some redemptions require a minimum number of points. Learn moreopens in a new tab. 
 
Calculate your rewards



    



    
    




    
    



    
    



            
        
    



    




    
     

         
            
                
                
                    
                        Your award-winning credit card
                        
                    
                    
                

                
                    

    
    
        



    
    
    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    Winner of the 2025 Rewards Canada Top Travel Points Credit Card (annual fees)±



    


    


    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    2025 milesopedia Best Credit Card For Groceries *±



    


    


    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    2025 Ratesdotca Best Credit Card for SubscriptionsΔ±



    


    


    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    Winner of the 2025 creditcardGenius Best Foreign Exchange Credit Card±



    


    


    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    Winner of the 2024 Rewards Canada Top Travel Points Credit Card (annual fees)†



    


    


    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    Winner of the 2023 MoneySense Best Rewards Card for everyday spending



    


    


    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    Winner of the 2023 credit card Genius Best Foreign Exchange Credit Card±



    


    


    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    Winner of the 2022 Rewards Canada Top Travel Points Credit Card (annual fees)‡



    


    


    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    Winner of the 2022 credit card Genius Best Foreign Exchange Credit Card±



    


    


    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    Winner of the 2022 MoneySense Best Rewards Card for everyday spending



    


    


    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    Winner of the 2021 Rewards Canada Top Travel Points Credit Card (annual fees)



    


    


    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    Winner of the 2021 creditcardGenius Best Flexible Credit Card



    


    


    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    Winner of the 2021 MoneySense Best Rewards Cards (everyday use)



    


    


    
        

    

        
            

            
        
    
    
    


    

    
    
        

    Winner of the 2020 MoneySense Best Travel Card for everyday use



    


    


    


    

    

                  
                

                
                
            
        

    


    
        
            
                
                    
                        
                            
    
                        Your award-winning    
    


    




                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
    
                        credit card
    


    




                        
                    
                
                
                    

    Leading publishers like Rewards Canada and milesopedia agree that the Scotiabank Gold American Express® Card is a winner. Browse all awards.
 



    


                
            
            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                

    
    
    
    
        
        

    

        
            






            
        
    
    
    


    



    

        
            






            
        
    
    
    


    



    

        
            






            
        
    
    
    


    


    
    



            
        
    



    



    
        
            
                
                    
                        
                            
    
        Frequently asked
    


    




                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
    
        questions
    


    




                        
                    
                
                
                    


    


                
            
            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                

    
    
    
    
        
        
    
        
            
                Expand all
                
            
            
                Collapse all
                
            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                
                    Which credit cards give me access to airport lounges?
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    The Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite, Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite Privilege, and Scotiabank American Express Platinum cards give you access to airport lounges.
 
The Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite card gives primary cardholders a complimentary membership in the Visa Airport Companion Program, plus six complimentary lounge visits per year from the date of enrollment. The Scotiabank Passport Visa Infinite Privilege card gives the primary and each additional cardholder a complimentary membership in the Visa Airport Companion Program, plus ten complimentary lounge visits per year from the date of enrollment. This program is powered by DragonPass, and provides access to 1,200+ airport lounges globally, including participating Plaza Premium Lounges. These lounge visits are eligible for the primary cardholder and a travel companion.
 
Scotiabank American Express Platinum cardholders can visit lounges in more than 100 countries and 300 cities worldwide. Primary cardholders get a complimentary membership to Priority Pass, plus 10 free visits per year from the date of enrollment. Supplementary cardholders get a Priority Pass membership and 4 free visits per year.



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    How do I activate my card?
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    
To activate a Scotiabank Visa or American Express credit card, visit our online activation page.
 
To activate a Mastercard, please call 1-866-583-6289.



    



    

        
            
            
                
                    How do I add a supplementary card?
                    
                
            
        
        
        

    To add a supplementary card to your credit card account:

From your Accounts page, select your credit card account
Select Additional Services
Select Add Supplementary Cards and follow the instructions




    



    

    




    Browse more FAQs



    



    
    



            
        
    



    



    
        
            
                
                    
                        
                            
    
        Ready to apply?        
    


    




                        
                    
                    
                
                
                    

    We’ll ask a few quick questions including ones about your job, your yearly income, and where you live.



    


                
            
            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                

    
    
    
    
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                    
    
    
        
            
                
                
    

                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Open an account

    

                
    This will take about 15 minutes.


                
                
    
        
    
        
        Apply now
    

        
    

            
        
    


    



                
                    
                    
    
    
        
            
                
                
    

                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Speak to an advisor

    

                
    We’re here to help.


                
                
    
        
    
        
        Book an appointment
    

        
    

            
        
    


    



                
            

            

            
            
        
    


    



    
    



            
        
    



    



    
        
            
                
                    
                        
                            
    
        Not sure if this is right for you?    
    


    




                        
                    
                    
                
                
            
            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                

    
    
    
    
        
        

    This card might not be right if you:



    




    
    
        
        

        

        

        

        

                
            
    
    
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
        
            
                
Will be carrying an outstanding balance for a long period of time or using it for debt consolidation
Prefer cash back rewards
Rarely travel or make foreign currency purchase


            
        
    


        

    




    



    
    



            
        
    



    




    
        
            
                
                    
                        Explore other
                    
                    
                        credit cards
                    
                
                
            
            
        
        
            
                
    
        
            
                
    

    
        
    
    
    


    



                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Scotiabank Platinum American Express® Card 

    

                
    

                
                
    
        
        
    
        
    
    
    Explore this card

    

    

            
        
    


    


    
        
            
                
    

    
        
    
    
    


    



                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Scotiabank American Express® Card 

    

                
    

                
                
    
        
        
    
        
    
    
    Explore this card

    

    

            
        
    


    


                    
    
        
            
                
    

    
        
    
    
    


    



                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Scotiabank Platinum American Express® Card 

    

                
    

                
                
    
        
        
    
        
    
    
    Explore this card

    

    

            
        
    


    



    
        
            
                
    

    
        
    
    
    


    



                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Scotiabank American Express® Card 

    

                
    

                
                
    
        
        
    
        
    
    
    Explore this card

    

    

            
        
    


    



                    
                
    
        
            
                
    

    
        
    
    
    


    



                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Scotiabank Platinum American Express® Card 

    

                
    

                
                
    
        
        
    
        
    
    
    Explore this card

    

    

            
        
    


    


    
        
            
                
    

    
        
    
    
    


    



                
                
                
            
            
                
    

                
    
        Scotiabank American Express® Card 

    

                
    

                
                
    
        
        
    
        
    
    
    Explore this card

    

    

            
        
    


    


            
            
                
                    
                
                
                
                    
                
            

            
            
        
    



    
        

    
    
    
    
        
        
    
        Need more information?
    


    





    
    


        
            
                

    
    
    
    
        
        
    
                Set up your card    
    


    






    Activate your card
Add card to mobile wallet
Apply for a credit limit increase
Add a supplementary card



    



    
    


                

    
    
    
    
        
        
    
        Get to know your card
    


    






    Revolving credit agreement (Visa/Amex)
Credit card welcome kit and insurance
Credit card fees
Credit card interest rates
Zero liability policy, commitment, and codes
Report a lost or stolen card
Scene+ program Terms & Conditionsopens in a new tab



    



    
    


            
            
        
    


    
    




    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
        
  

   
    
    


Apply now


    
    



  

   
    
    
     
    





    
    



    
    
        
            
            
                
                    Terms & Conditions
                    
                
            
        
        
        
  

    
    
      
          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
              
    

          
      
    

      
      

    
    


  


    



        
            Legal Δ
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        Δ
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Compared to other consumer credit cards publicly offered by Canadian Schedule 1 banks as of March 3, 2023.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal ®
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        ®
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Registered trademarks of The Bank of Nova Scotia. American Express is a registered trademark of American Express. This credit card program is issued and administered by the Bank of Nova Scotia under license from American Express.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal ™
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        ™
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Scene+ and the Icon Design are trademarks of Scene Plus IP Corporation, used under license.
All other trademarks are the property of their registered owners.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal ± 
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        ±
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            As awarded by creditcardGenius on January 5, 2025.
As awarded by creditcardGenius on January 3, 2023. 
As awarded by creditcardGenius on January 5, 2022.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal ®†
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        ®†
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Used by Amex Bank of Canada under license of American Express.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal §
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        §
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Scotia SelectPay Conditions apply. Review Terms and Conditions for full details or visit scotiabank.com/selectpay to learn more.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal - ‡ 
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        ‡
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            As awarded by Rewards Canada on January 4, 2022.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal - dagger
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        †
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            As awarded by Rewards Canada on January 4, 2024.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal - Δ±
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        Δ±
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Awarded on February 25, 2025, by ratesdotca

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal - *±
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        *±
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Awarded on January 9, 2025, by Milesopedia.opens in a new tab

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal **
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        **
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Offer Description and Conditions: The 45,000 Bonus Scene+ Points and First Year Annual Fee Waiver (the “Offer”) applies only to new Scotiabank Gold American Express credit card accounts (“Accounts”) opened between January 2, 2026 and July 1, 2026 (regardless of the date you apply for the Account) and is subject to the conditions below. 
45,000 Bonus Scene+ Point Offer Description and Conditions: To be eligible for 25,000 bonus Scene+ points (the “25,000 Point Bonus”), you must have at least $2,000 in eligible purchases posted to your new Account in the first 3 months of the Account open date. To be eligible for an additional 20,000 bonus Scene+ points (the “Additional 20,000 Point Bonus”), you must have at least $7,500 in eligible purchases posted to your new Account in the first year (12 months) of Account open date. Eligible purchases include purchases (less any refunds, returns or other similar credits) but do not include payments, cash advances (including balance transfers or cash-like transactions), interest, fees or other charges. 
Point Bonus Fulfillment: The applicable point Bonus(es) will be credited to the Scene+ account within approximately 8 weeks after qualifying for a Bonus, provided the Account is open and in good standing. For Joint Accounts with a Primary Borrower and Co-borrower, the applicable point Bonus will be credited as follows: (i) the 25,000 Point Bonus and Additional 20,000 Point Bonus will be credited to the Scene+ account linked to the Account of the borrower that completed the last transaction to meet the qualifying amount of eligible purchases (i.e., $2,000 or $7,500) in the appropriate time frame (i.e., first 3 months or first 12 months). If a supplementary cardholder completes the last qualifying transaction to meet the qualifying amount of eligible purchases for the 25,000 Point Bonus or the Additional 20,000 Point Bonus, the applicable point Bonus will be credited to the Primary Borrower’s Scene+ account linked to the Account. Points can be transferred between Primary and Co-Borrower or Supplementary Cardholder’s Scene+ accounts by contacting Scene+.  The Account is considered in good standing if it is not past due or over limit and the Cardholder(s) is not in breach of the Revolving Credit Agreement that applies to the Account.  All other terms and conditions of the Program Terms continue to apply during the Offer period. Offer may be changed, cancelled or extended without notice at any time and cannot be combined with any other offers. 
Eligibility and Exclusions: Individuals who are currently or were previously primary or secondary cardholders of a Scotiabank personal credit card in the past 2 years, including those that switch from an existing Scotiabank personal credit card, as well as employees of Scotiabank, are not eligible for the Offer. Subject to the above exclusions, Scotiabank small business credit cardholders are also eligible for the Offer.
Rates and Fees:  The current annual fee is $120 for the primary card and $29 for each additional card (including those issued to co-borrowers and supplementary cardholders).
The current preferred annual interest rates for the Account are: 20.99% on purchases and 22.99% on cash advances (including balance transfers and cash-like transactions). 
All rates, fees, features and benefits are outlined in the Application Disclosure Statement and are subject to change.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal ^
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        ^
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Savings and reward potential in first 12 months includes welcome offer value, first year point earn potential and foreign transaction fee savings as of November 4, 2025:
$450 in travel rewards (45,000 bonus Scene+ points) for new Scotiabank Gold American Express Card clients who spend $2,000 within the first 3 months (to earn 25,000 points) and who spend $7,500 within the first 12 months (to earn an additional 20,000 points); 
$58 in foreign transaction fee savings based on average annual foreign spend per account over the last 24 months (save the 2.5% foreign transaction fee markup typically charged by other card issuers);
$386 in first year point earn potential (38,500 Scene+ points) on everyday purchases based on average annual spend per account over the last 24 months with an average spend of 30% in 6X, 5X and 3X accelerator categories.
Potential First Year Value = up to $894 (rounded down to $850)
Actual offers, savings and rewards earned will depend on individual card usage and eligibility for applicable offers. Conditions apply.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 1
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        1
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            You are awarded six (6) Scene+ Points for every eligible $1.00 CAD purchase made at Sobeys, IGA, Safeway, Foodland, FreshCo, Voilà by Sobeys, Voilà by IGA, Voilà by Safeway, Chalo! FreshCo, Thrifty Foods, IGA West, Les Marchés Tradition, Rachelle Béry, and Co-Op locations charged and posted to the Scotiabank Gold American Express Card Account. This list of eligible grocers may be changed from time to time without notice. See full list of participating merchants across Canada at scotiabank.com/participatingstores.


You are awarded five (5) Scene+ Points for every eligible $1.00 CAD purchase on all other grocery (not listed above), dining, and entertainment charged and posted to the Scotiabank Gold American Express Card Account. You are awarded three (3) Scene+ Points for every eligible $1.00 CAD purchase in gas, public transit and select streaming services purchases charged and posted to the Scotiabank Gold American Express Card Account (the earn rates for each of the above categories and merchants are referred to as the “Accelerated Earn Rates”). For a current list of eligible select streaming services, contact Scotiabank at 1-888-860-7093 or through the “Connect with Scotia chat” option on the Scotia app. You are awarded one (1) Scene+ Point for every $1.00 in all other purchases of goods and services charged to the Scotiabank Gold American Express Card Account (the “Regular Earn Rate”). 
 
You will earn the accelerated Scene+ Points (6X, 5X or 3X as applicable) under the Scene+ program if you make purchases in Canadian currency only. For purchases that are made in foreign currency, you will only earn 1 Scene+ Point for every $1 charged to the Scotiabank American Express® card once that foreign currency has been converted into Canadian dollars.
 
Merchant classifications – American Express network Purchases must be made at merchants classified through the American Express network with a Merchant Category Code (“MCC”) that identifies them in the American Express network in the “grocery”, “dining”, “entertainment”, “gas”, “streaming service” or “transit” category. Purchases at merchants where these categories are not their primary business do not qualify. Some merchants may (i) provide other goods or services; or (ii) have separate merchants located on their premises that may not be classified with an MCC under the Accelerated Earn Rate categories and such purchases will not earn the Accelerated Earn Rate as applicable. The Accelerated Earn Rates for the Scotiabank Gold American Express Card applies to the first $50,000 in purchases charged to the Scotiabank Gold American Express Card Account annually at merchants qualifying for the Accelerated Earn Rate, calculated annually from January 1st to December 31st each year. Once you exceed the applicable annual spend threshold, you will continue earning points at the Regular Earn Rate of one (1) Scene+ Point per $1.00 in purchases charged and posted to the Scotiabank Gold American Express Card Account.

Eligibility: Only purchases earn Scene+ Points. Cash advances (including Balance Transfers and Cash-Like Transactions), fees, interest or other charges, returns, refunds or other similar credits to your Account do not qualify for Scene+ Points. Scene+ Points will not be posted to an Account that is not in good standing when purchases are made or when a statement is issued, or if the Account is not open when a statement is issued. See your Scene+ Points terms at www.scotiabank.com/sceneplus for full program details. All dollar amounts are in Canadian currency unless otherwise stated.     

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 2
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        2
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            For current rates and information on fees and interest fees, call 1-888-882-8958. Interest rates, annual fees and features are subject to change without notice. Learn more about credit card fees and interest rates.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 3
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        3
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            If you open an Ultimate Package account (the “Account”), on or after the date you open the Account (“Account Open Date”) you will receive an annual fee rebate of up to $150 on one Eligible Card that you hold as the primary cardholder (“Annual Fee Rebate”), for each year as long as you have one eligible Scotiabank Credit Card account (an “Eligible Card”) and the Account  which are open and in good standing. You will receive the Annual Fee Rebate, even if you opened an Eligible Card prior to the Account Open Date. Eligible Cards are the Scotiabank Gold American Express® Card, Scotiabank Passport® Visa Infinite*, Scotiabank Passport® Visa Infinite Privilege*, Scotia Momentum® Visa Infinite* and Scotiabank Value® Visa* credit cards. Eligible Cards are subject to change. Each Account will only receive one Annual Fee Rebate regardless of the number of accountholders on the Account or Eligible Cards held or opened. The Annual Fee Rebate will be applied to the first annual fee charged on the Eligible Card after the Account Open Date. If you are the primary cardholder of multiple Eligible Cards, the Annual Fee Rebate will be applied to the first annual fee that is charged on an Eligible Card after the Account Open Date. If your Eligible Card has an annual fee that is greater than $150, you remain responsible for any difference after the Annual Fee Rebate is applied.  All other fees and charges applicable to the Eligible Card continue to apply. Annual Fee Rebate cannot be combined with any other annual fee rebate or waiver offer. Current annual fees, rates and other features for Eligible Cards are subject to change.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 4
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        4
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            If you open a Preferred Package account (the “Account”), on or after the date you open the Account (the “Account Open Date”), you will receive an annual fee rebate for the first year only (the “First Year Annual Fee Rebate”) on one eligible Scotiabank Credit Card account (an “Eligible Card”) opened on or after the Account Open Date. Eligible Cards are the Scotiabank Gold American Express® Card, Scotiabank Passport® Visa Infinite*, Scotia Momentum® Visa Infinite* and Scotiabank Value® Visa* credit cards. Eligible Cards are subject to change. Each Account can only receive one First Year Annual Fee Rebate regardless of the number of account holders on the Account or Eligible Cards opened. The First Year Annual Fee Rebate will be applied to the first annual fee charged to one Eligible Card that you hold as the primary cardholder after the Account Open Date. If there is more than one Eligible Card opened after the Account Open Date, the First Year Annual Fee Rebate will be applied only to the first annual fee charged to one Eligible Card that you hold as the primary cardholder after the Account Open Date. This First Year Annual Fee Rebate is only available for new Eligible Cards opened on or after the Account Open Date. Current or previous cardholders of an Eligible Card or cardholders that transfer to an Eligible Card on or after the Account Open Date will not receive the First Year Annual Fee Rebate. All other fees and charges applicable to the Eligible Card continue to apply. First Year Annual Fee Rebate will not be applied if the Account or Eligible Card is not open or is not in good standing and cannot be combined with any other annual fee rebate offer. Current annual fees, rates and other features for Eligible Cards are subject to change.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 5
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        5
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            We will not charge you Foreign Transaction Fees on foreign currency transactions, including purchases, only the exchange rate applies. The term “Foreign Transaction Fees” is a substitute for “Foreign Currency Conversion” as described in the Disclosure Statement you received with your Card. This fee relates to the 2.5% mark-up that is typically charged by credit card issuers in addition to the exchange rate. See the Foreign Currency Conversion section of the Disclosure Statement for this Card for full details. Rates and fees are subject to change.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 6
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        6
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Purchase must be charged in full to an American Express® Card. Subject to availability and to event and ticketing terms, restrictions, verification procedures and fees. Tickets and packages may not be transferable and should not be resold. No refunds and no exchanges subject to merchant's obligations under applicable law. Any dispute related to an offer must be directed to the participating merchant. The Bank of Nova Scotia and its affiliates are not responsible for fulfilment of offers under the American Express Invites program. All offers are provided and fulfilled by participating merchants and are subject to the specific terms and conditions of the respective merchant. American Express® and its affiliates are not liable or otherwise responsible for any offer or experience made available under this program, and are not responsible for fulfilment, any changes or cancellation of any offer.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 7
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        7
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            The Scene+ Travel website and call center are owned and operated by Expedia Group, a third-party travel service provider (the “Scene+ Travel Partner”). To earn or redeem Points, travel must be booked through the Scene+ Travel website or Scene+ Travel call centre. Travel booked via the Scene+ Travel call centre may be subject to a booking fee. Prices are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise specified. Prices and points requirement are available on the website, and subject to change.  The Scene+ Travel Partner may impose terms and conditions that supplement the ‘Additional Terms and Conditions for Scene+ Travel’ included in the Scene+ Program Terms and Conditions. Scene LP and its owners are not responsible for the products and services made available to you by third parties.
Earning Scene+ Points for Scene+ Travel purchases:  Scene+ points are earned on eligible travel purchases made through Scene+ Travel website or call centre (collectively “Scene+ Travel)”. Scene+ Points are only earned on the total value of hotel or car rental booking purchases (excluding taxes and fees) made through Scene+ Travel  regardless of the payment method used for the purchase (Scene+ points redemption and/or payment card purchases). Points earned will be added to your Scene+ account within six weeks from the completion of your travel itinerary.  
Paying for your eligible Scene+ Travel purchase:  Points may be redeemed for the entire amount of the hotel or car rental booking purchases (including taxes and fees), or redeemed in part with the remaining balance paid by an available payment card.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 8
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        8
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Apply Points to Travel redemptions are only permitted towards an eligible travel purchase charged to a Scotiabank credit card or debit card that earns Scene+ Points. Redemptions must be requested through sceneplus.ca or the Scene+ app within 12 months of the travel purchase transaction date. For full terms and conditions, click here.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 9
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        9
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Priority Pass™ membership includes access to airport lounges participating in the Priority Pass program. Certain terms, conditions and exclusions apply. Unless cancelled, Priority Pass membership automatically renews on its anniversary date. Priority Pass membership will be cancelled if your Scotiabank Gold American Express Card is cancelled. For complete Priority Pass terms and conditions, please visit prioritypass.com/Conditions-of-useopens in a new tab

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 10
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        10
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Select offers are brought to you by American Express. The Bank of Nova Scotia is not responsible for the offers, or any third party services, provided under the Amex Offers program. American Express reserves the right to vary any eligibility criteria or the Terms prior to you registering for the offer. If you do not agree with the Terms, you must not participate in the offer.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 11
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        11
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Concierge Services are provided by a duly licensed third-party premium concierge provider (currently Ten Lifestyle Management Limited ("Ten" or "Ten Group")) and are subject to Terms & Conditions and Privacy Statement of that provider. Provider is subject to change by The Bank of Nova Scotia ("Scotiabank"). Scotiabank is not responsible for the Concierge Services, including the delivery of, or for any failure to deliver, any such services. By using the Concierge Services you must consent and agree to Ten Group's Terms & Conditions and Privacy Statement that apply.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 12
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        12
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Under all insurance coverages or services, certain limitations, restrictions and exclusions apply, including a pre-existing condition exclusion for certain benefits. Please see the Certificates of Insurance for full coverage details. Coverages are underwritten by The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company and its wholly owned subsidiary First North American Insurance Company. The Bank of Nova Scotia is not an insurer. All insurance claims must be forwarded to the insurance providers.  

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 13
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        13
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            Scotia Credit Card Protection is underwritten by Chubb Life Insurance Company of Canada: Tel: 1-800-387-7199, Option 3, or www.chubb.com under a Group Policy issued to the Bank of Nova Scotia. All coverage is subject to the terms and conditions outlined in the Certificate of Insurance which you will receive upon enrolment.  
The insurance premium and applicable sales tax will be charged to your Scotiabank credit card account. The Bank of Nova Scotia receives an administration fee from the Insurer to distribute this insurance.
The Bank of Nova Scotia and its employees are not agents of Chubb Life Insurance Company of Canada, nor can they waive or change any terms of the Scotia Credit Card Protection plan.
Coverage amounts may be less than the outstanding account balance.

        
    

    

        

        

        

        

    
        
            Legal 14
        
        

        

        
            
    
        
    
        Symbol (optional)
        
            
            
            
        14
    

    
        
    
        Legal Text
        
            
            
            The Primary Cardholder on the Scotiabank Gold American Express® Card Account (the “Account”) is responsible for all charges to the Account including those made by the additional Supplementary Cardholder.