Start my application



    




    
	  
		  Secure
    
    

    Apply now



    


    

			
	   
  
  
  




    


    

    



    
    
        



    
    

    Home / Canadian Credit Cards / TD Credit Cards with a Low Interest Rate / TD Low Rate Visa* Card



    



    


    

    



    
    
        



    
    

    TD Credit Cards with a Low Interest Rate



    



    


    

    



    
    
        



    
    



    
        
        
			

	
	
		
	
		Your region is currently set to

		Ontario.
	
		
		
		 Change province

	
		
		
		
        
        
			

	
	
		
	
		
		
	
		
		
		 Change province


		
		
			
    




    


    


    

    



    
    
        



    
    
    


	
		
			
			
				

				
					
					
					TD Low Rate Visa* Card

				
			

			
			
			
				
					
				
				
				
					
						
						
							
								
								
                                    
                                        
                                        Quick Compare
                                    
								
							
						
					
				
			

			
			
				
				

				
				
					
						
						
						
							
                                
                                    Special Offer
                                
							
						
						
							
								Get a 0% promotional interest rate on Purchases for the first 6 months+ from Account opening. Conditions Apply. 

							
						
						
						
					
				
				
				
					

					

					
						
							
							
								
									
										
									
										
											
												
                                                    Annual fee
													
                                                        $25

													
												
											
										
											
										
											
										
											
										
											
										
									
								
									
										
									
										
											
										
											
												
                                                    Interest: Purchases
													
                                                        12.90%2

													
												
											
										
											
										
											
										
											
										
									
								
									
										
									
										
											
										
											
										
											
												
                                                    Interest: Cash Advances
													
                                                        12.90%2

													
												
											
										
											
										
											
										
									
								
									
										
									
										
											
										
											
										
											
										
											
												
                                                    Additional Cardholder1
													
                                                        $0

													
												
											
										
											
										
									
								
									
										
									
										
											
										
											
										
											
										
											
										
											
										
									
								
							
								
							
						
					
				

				
				

				
				
					
						
						
						
						
							
								
									Secure
									
								
								Apply now
							
						
					
				

				
				
					
                    
                        
                        
                            
                                
                                Compare
                            
                        
                    
                
				

				
				
					
						
							
								
							
								
									
									
								
									
									
								
									
									
								
									
									
								
									
									
								
							
						
							
								
							
								
									
									
								
									
									
								
									
									
								
									
									
								
									
									
								
							
						
							
								
							
								
									
									
								
									
									
								
									
									
								
									
									
								
									
									
								
							
						
							
								
							
								
									
									
								
									
									
								
									
									
								
									
									
								
									
									
								
							
						
							
								
							
								
									
									
								
									
									
								
									
									
								
									
									
								
									
										
											
											Eligibility Requirements:
											
											
                                                You are a Canadian resident and are of the age of majority in your province/territory of residence.

											
										
									
									
								
							
						
					
						
					
				
			
		
	




    


    

    



    
    
        



    
    

    



    


    

    



    
    
        



    
    

    Special offer


    




    Get a 0% promotional interest rate on Purchases for the first 6 months+ from Account opening. Conditions Apply. Offer effective as of June 4, 2025.



    



    


    

    



    
    
        



    
    

    
    
        



    
    

    
    
        



    
    

    At a glance



    




    Feel prepared, even during uncertain times. The TD Low Rate Visa* Card is an option if you’re carrying a balance or if you need to finance bigger or unexpected purchases. We’re ready to help you move forward.

Save on interest with a low annual interest rate of 12.90%2 for Purchases and Cash Advance transactions.
Option to Purchase Travel Medical Insurance4 and Trip Cancellation/Trip Interruption Insurance5.
Earn 50% more Stars at participating Starbucks®  stores. Conditions apply. Learn more.
Enjoy all of the benefits of your TD Low Rate Visa* Card when using Apple Pay, Google Pay or Samsung Pay6. It's an easy and secure way to pay.




    




    
    
        



    
    
    


    

    


    


    

    


    
        
    
   


    


    


    

    


    


    

    



    
    
        



    
    

    Enjoy your perks and offers
 
Enjoy special offers selected just for you from TD and merchants with your Eligible TD Card.



    




    
	  
    

    Learn more



    


    

    



    
    
    
    
        
        

    



        
    




    
    
        



    
    

    More Card Benefits and Features


    




    
        
            
                Automotive Features
                
            
        
        

    
    
        



    
    

    
Save with Avis® Rent A Car and Budget® Rent A Car. Use your Canadian TD Credit Card to save a minimum of 10% off the lowest available base rates7,8 in Canada and the U.S., and a minimum of 5% off the lowest available base rates7,8 internationally, on qualifying car rentals at participating Avis and Budget locations.
Option to Purchase a TD Auto Club Membership9 and be covered 24 hours a day for emergency roadside assistance services in case something goes wrong when you are out on the road.




    



    


    

    


    

    



    




    
        
            
                Security
                
            
        
        

    
    
        



    
    

    
Visa Zero Liability: Shop online and in person securely with Visa Zero Liability and be protected in the event that unauthorized transactions are made on your Card. See your Cardholder Agreement for complete information on unauthorized transactions and your responsibilities including your responsibility to protect your PIN.
Purchase Security and Extended Warranty Protection3: You automatically have access to Purchase Security and Extended Warranty Protection, covering most eligible new items you’ve purchased with your Canadian Credit Card, should they be stolen or damaged within 90 days of Purchase. If the item comes with a manufacturer's warranty valid in Canada, you may be entitled to double the warranty period for up to 12 additional months.
Chip & PIN technology: Chip & PIN technology provides an added level of security through the use of a Personal Identification Number (PIN).
Visa Secure*: Visa Secure provides you with increased security and convenience when you shop online through In-app Authentication. Learn more.
Click to Pay: Paying online with your TD Visa card is easy, smart and secure. Just click to pay with your TD Visa when you see this icon (  ) where Visa is accepted.
Instant Alerts. Added convenience, with TD Fraud Alerts: You can now automatically receive TD Fraud Alerts to your mobile phone any time we suspect suspicious activity on your TD Low Rate Visa* Card, or on any Additional Cardholder's card on your Account. Simply ensure that we have your current mobile phone number listed in your TD Customer Profile. Learn more.




    




    Review the Benefit Coverages Guide for more details.



    



    


    

    


    

    



    




    
        
            
                Additional Benefits & Features
                
            
        
        

    
    
        



    
    

    
TD Payment Plans
Easily turn purchases of $100 or more into manageable 6, 12 or 18 month Payment Plans. Conditions apply. Learn more.
Use Apple Pay, Google Pay or Samsung Pay wherever contactless payments are accepted
 These Digital Wallets are accepted in a growing number of shops, restaurants, and other retailers, making it convenient and easy to use for everyday business payments with just a tap of your device6.




    



    


    

    


    

    



    




    
        
            
                Everyday Services
                
            
        
        

    
    
        



    
    

    
Emergency Cash Advances10 You can ask for an emergency Cash Advance up to $500 for the TD Low Rate Visa* Card (subject to your available credit limit).




    



    


    

    


    

    



    




    
        
            
                Optional benefits
                
            
        
        

    
    
        



    
    

    
Optional TD Credit Card Payment Protection Plan11:
Optional TD Credit Card Payment Protection Plan insurance products are designed to help you make your TD Credit Card payments in the event of a covered Job Loss, Total Disability or Loss of Life.

To learn more about optional Payment Protection Plan or to enroll, call 1-800-294-8602 or visit td.com/BP.


Optional travel insurance: Travel Medical Insurance12, Trip Cancellation and Trip Interruption Insurance13. Learn more and get a quote.




    



    


    

    


    

    


    


    

    



    
    
    
    
        
        

    
    
        



    
    

    Find out more about our credit cards in Canada


    



    


    

    



    
    
        



    
    


    
        
            slide 1  of 3
                
                    
                        
                            



    
    
    
        
        
            Get started with my credit card

            
        Everything you need to know to start using your Canadian credit card.


            


	
		
			
				
					
						
                        Get started with my credit card
						Learn more
					
				
			
			
			
			
		
	



    
    
    
	
    


    



    


                        
                    
                
                    
                        
                            



    
    
    
        
        
            Use my credit card features

            
        Get to know the features that come with your Canadian TD Credit Card.


            


	
		
			
				
					
						
                        Use my credit card features
						Learn more
					
				
			
			
			
			
		
	



    
    
    
	
    


    



    


                        
                    
                
                    
                        
                            



    
    
    
        
        
            Get the most out of my Canadian credit card

            
        From paying bills to credit limit, take advantage of all your card's benefits.


            


	
		
			
				
					
						
                        Get the most out of my Canadian credit card
						Learn more
					
				
			
			
			
			
		
	



    
    
    
	
    


    



    


                        
                    
                
            
            
        
    


    


    

    


        
    




    
    
        



    
    

    Legal



    



    


    

    



    
    
    
    
        
        

    



        
    




    
    
        



    
    



	
		
			Compare cards
			Compare cards
			
				
				
					Compare cards
					Compare cards
				
			
			
				Clear All
			
		
		
			
			
			
			
				
					
						Compare now
					
				
			
		
	




    


    

    



    
    
        



    
    

    How to Apply


    




    
    
        



    
    


    
        
            slide 1  of 4
                
                    
                        
                            



    
    
    
        
            


  
 
	  
	  		
	 
	
	
        
    
	
    
    


    

        
    
    

        
        
            Apply online

            
        Complete an online application and receive an instant response


            


	
		
			
				
					
						
							
						
                        
						Apply now
					
				
			
			
			
			
		
	



    
    
    
	
    


    



    


                        
                    
                
                    
                        
                            



    
    
    
        
            


  
 
	  
	  		
	 
	
	
        
    
	
    
    


    

        
    
    

        
        
            Call us

            
        Our banking specialists are ready to answer any questions you may have


            


	
		
			
			
			
			  
				1-855-315-4325
					1-855-315-4325
			  
			
			
		
	



    
    
    
	
    


    



    


                        
                    
                
                    
                        
                            



    
    
    
        
            


  
 
	  
	  		
	 
	
	
        
    
	
    
    


    

        
    
    

        
        
            Book an appointment

            
        Meet with a banking specialist in person at the branch closest to you


            


	
		
			
				
					
						
                        
						Book now
					
				
			
			
			
			
		
	



    
    
    
	
    


    



    


                        
                    
                
                    
                        
                            



    
    
    
        
            


  
 
	  
	  		
	 
	
	
        
    
	
    
    


    

        
    
    

        
        
            Locate a branch

            
        Speak with a banking specialist at the branch closest to you


            


	
		
			
				
					
						
                        
						Locate a branch
					
				
			
			
			
			
		
	



    
    
    
	
    


    



    


                        
                    
                
            
            
        
    


    


    

    


    


    

    



    
    
    
    
        
        



    
    
        



    
    

    
        
            
                
                    Have a question? Find answers here
                    
                
                
                    
                        
                        
                            What's your question?
                            
                            
                        
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
              		Ask Us
                    
                    
                
                
                    
                        Popular questions
                            
                        
                    
                
            
            

            
                
                    
                        
                             Sorry, we didn't find any results. You could check for misspelled words or try a different term or question.
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                    
                
            
            
                
                    
                        
                            We're sorry.  Service is currently unavailable.
                        
                    
                
            
            
                
                    
                         We found a few responses for you:
                    
                    
                
                
					
                        We matched that to:
                    
                    
                    
                    
                
                
                    Popular questions
                    
                    
                        View morepopular questions
                        
                    
                
                
                    Helpful related questions
                    
                    
                        View morehelpful related questions
                        
                    
                
            
            
                
                    
                        
                            Did you find what you were looking for?
                            
                                
                                    
                                    YesNo
                                
                            
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            Thank you
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                                We're sorry.  Service is currently unavailable.
                            
                        
                    
                    
                    
                        
                            Sorry this didn't help. Would you leave us a comment about your search?

                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                    
                    
                       
                           
                            
                              Submit
                            
                          
                      
                    
                
                
                    
                        Thank you